# Heading: Full_Text (Part 12)
Apply the first layer of garage sealant. Transform their video into an ebook. Etc. Ex: I run gym owner’s ads for free for thirty days. 4) Physical Products: You give them something they can hold in their hands. A posture assessment chart, a supplement, a small bottle of garage door sealant, boxing gloves to get boxing gym leads, etc. Ex: I sell a book for gym owners called Gym Launch Secrets. With three different types of lead magnets and four ways to deliver them, that's up to twelve lead magnets that solve a single narrow problem. So many magnets, so little time! I make as many versions of a lead magnet as I can and rotate them. This keeps the advertising fresh and low effort. Plus, you see which ones work best. Like my case study story at the beginning of the chapter, the results are often surprising. And you won’t know until you try. Action Step: As a thought exercise, think of a lead magnet and then a version of it for each delivery method. You always can, I promise. Then, pick how to deliver your lead magnet. Step 4: Test What To Name It David Ogilvy said, “When you have written your headline, you have spent 80 cents of your (advertising) dollar.” What that means is, five times more people read your headline than any other part of your promotion. They read it and make a snap decision to read further… or not. Like Ogilvy hints, leads have to notice your lead magnet before they can consume it. Like it or not, this means how we present it matters more than anything. For example, improving the headline, name, and display of your lead magnet can 2x, 3x, or 10x your engagement. It’s that important. Besides, if no one shows interest in your lead magnet, no one will ever know how good it is. You can’t leave it to chance. So listen up. Here’s what you do next - you test. The three things you’ll want to test are the headline, the image(s), and the subheadline, in that order. The headline is the most important. So if you only test one thing, test that. For example, I had no idea what to title this book. So here’s what I did to figure out which name would do the best - I tested. The results may surprise you as much as they surprised me. Headline Tests Round I: Advertising ✔ vs. Promotion Round II: Advertising vs. Leads ✔ Round III: Marketing vs. Leads ✔ Image Test ✔ Real vs. Cartoon Subheadlines Round I: “How to get more people to want to buy your stuff” “How to get strangers to want to buy your stuff” ✔ Round II: How to get more strangers to want to buy your stuff” “How to get strangers to want to buy your stuff” ✔ Round III: “How to get as many leads as you darn well please” “How to get strangers to want to buy your stuff” ✔ Round IV: “Get strangers to want to buy your stuff” “How to get strangers to want to buy your stuff” ✔ Note two things with the subheadline tests: 1) “How to get strangers to want to buy your stuff” overwhelmingly beat “Get strangers to want to buy your stuff.” The only difference is two little words: “how to.” And it also beat “how to get more strangers to want to buy your stuff” with a single word removed ‘more.’ Small changes can make big differences. 2) Since so many people asked, I figured I’d answer it here. I didn’t subtitle the book “How to get strangers to buy your stuff” because that’s sales, not getting leads. The point of this book is to get strangers to show interest, not to buy (yet). A raised hand is where this book ends. ‘$100M Sales’ or 'Persuasion' (I haven't decided yet) will be a future book. One problem at a time. Action Step: Test. If people engage in droves, you’ve got a winner. And if you have any following at all, you can run polls like these. You don't need a lot of votes to get a directional idea. If you can’t do that, make a post on every platform and ask people to respond with a ‘1’ or a ‘2’, then count ‘em up. If you still can’t even do that, then just message people and ask. There’s always a way, and this is one of the highest leverage things you can do with your time - make sure how you package it gets engagement and you give yourself a big head start. Bonus Points: If people respond to the poll and ask when they can get their hands on it, you have a mega winner. Step 5: Make