# Heading: Full_Text (Part 30)
going through this book to make a Grand Slam Offer for a 90-Day Relationship course. Take a look to see this process through a totally different lens. The main takeaway, though: Don’t be fancy. Just get all the problems down then turn them into solutions. Regardless of whether the offer you’re creating is around fitness (like the example), a relationship course (like Brooke), or something wildly different (like ear aches), we now know what we need to do. Step four is the how (and how to do it without breaking the bank). FREE GIFT #5 Bonus Tutorial: Offer Creation Part 1 If you want to walk through the process with me live, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers then select “Offer Creation Part 1” to watch a short video tutorial. As always, it’s absolutely free. I also have a Free Offer Creation Checklist for you that you can swipe and immediately deploy in your business. Enjoy. 10 VALUE OFFER: CREATING YOUR GRAND SLAM OFFER PART II: TRIM & STACK “Cut! Cut! Cut!” FRIENDS TO RACHEL GREEN IN FRIENDS I divided this chapter into two parts because it’s the meatiest section in the book. It’s also the most important. Without a valuable product or service, the rest of the book won’t be as actionable. We just covered all the problems we are going to solve. The second half of making your offer is breaking down tactically what we are going to do/provide for our client. In theory, we’d all love to fly out and live with our customers to fix their problems. In reality, that wouldn’t make a very scalable business. We need our offer to be incredibly attractive and profitable. That being said, if this is your first Grand Slam Offer, it’s important to over-deliver like crazy. Maybe flying out isn’t such a bad idea in the beginning. Make some sales, then think about how to make it easier for your clients. You want them to think to themselves, “I get all this, for only that?” In essence, you want them to perceive tremendous value. Everyone buys bargains. Some people just buy $100,000 things for only $10,000. That’s where we want to live: high prices, but a steal for the value (like hopefully this book so far). Sales to Fulfillment Continuum In order to best absorb the notions of trimming and stacking, we need a mental reframe. Enter the sales to fulfillment continuum. Whenever you are building a business, you have a continuum between ease of fulfillment and ease of sales. If you lower what you have to do, it increases how hard your product or service is to sell. If you do as much as possible, it makes your product or service easy to sell but hard to fulfill because there’s more demand on your time investment. The trick, and the ultimate goal, is to find a sweet spot where you sell something very well that’s also easy to fulfill. I have always lived by the mantra, “Create flow. Monetize flow. Then add friction.” This means I generate demand first. Then, with my offer, I get them to say yes. Once I have people saying yes, then, and only then, will I add friction in my marketing, or decide to offer less for the same price. Practicality drives this practice. If you can’t get demand flowing in, then you have no idea whether what you have is good. I’d rather do more for every customer and have cash flow coming in, then optimize my business but have zero cash flow coming in after (and zero idea about what I need to adjust to better serve my customers). Here’s a perfect example to drive this home. When I started Gym Launch, gym owners reached out asking me to help. They needed so much help, I didn’t know where to start. But I wanted to make sure they got way more than they paid me. So here’s what I ended up doing to fill their gyms: I would fly out to their gym for 21 days, spend my own money on hotels, car rentals, eating out, advertising, generate the leads, work the leads, then sell for them. I would even do the first onboarding meeting with clients to get them started. In short, I did everything. I took on all the risk. They only had to put down $500 to “reserve” their date, which I made refundable at the end of their launch. So they had 0 financial risk, 0 time risk, 0 effort, and the deal was, I got to keep all the up front cash collected from selling their services, and they got clients for free. You can imagine how this was a pretty compelling offer. On my own, I was able to sell about $100,000/mo in up front cash for myself.