# Heading: Full_Text (Part 8)
for me. I wouldn’t trade these experiences for the world. However, if this book helps just one entrepreneur avoid suffering as I did, keep their business open, or accomplish their dreams, it will all be worth it. If you are willing to exchange the time it takes to watch two episodes of your favorite tv show and really study this book — and if you implement even a single offer component — I can guarantee you will add more clients and more dollars to your bottom line. Reading this book, and taking it to heart, will be the single best return on time for your business. Nothing else will allow you to do what this book can do in the same amount of time. That is a promise. As a side benefit — implementing a new offer is about one of the easiest things to do in a business. So you really can do this. This isn't some management practice or culture building hoodoo. This is the real “how you sell shit for lots of money”type stuff. What’s In It For Me? I give all these materials (this book, the accompanying course, and all other books and courses which you can find at acquisition.com) for free or at cost in order to help as many people as humanly possible make more and serve more. And I have made these with the intention of providing more value than you can get from a $1000 course, any $30,000 coaching program, and hilariously more than a $200,000 college degree. And I do this because, although I could sell these materials in that format, I just don’t want to. I’ve made my money doing this stuff, not teaching how to do this stuff, contrary to most of the marketing community at large. So my model is different (I’ll explain more in a second). That being said, there are two key archetypes I am looking to provide value to with my published materials. For archetype I, entrepreneurs under $3,000,000 per year in revenue, my goal is to help you get there and earn your trust. Try just a couple of tactics from this book, watch them work, then try a few more, watch them work . . . and so on. The more you see results in your own business, the better. Once you succeed, you become archetype II, entrepreneurs at minimum between $3M - $10M in yearly revenue. Once you get there, or if that’s you now, I’d be honored to invest in your business and help you cross $30M, $50M, or $100M+. I don’t sell coaching, masterminds, courses, or anything like that. Instead, I have a portfolio of companies I take an equity interest in. I use the infrastructure, resources, and teams of all my companies to fast track their growth. But don’t believe me yet...we just met. If you’re curious, my business model is simple, just like the four-piece pyramid logo: 1. Provide value at no cost far in excess of what the rest of the marketplace charges for. 2. Have entrepreneurs use materials that actually work and make money helping more folks 3. Earn the trust of the hyper-executor business owners who use the frameworks to scale their businesses to $3M$10M per year and beyond 4. Invest in those businesses to make more impact at scale while helping everyone else for free. If you look carefully, the process reverse-engineers success. I think it’s pretty cool. Here’s how: I know these business owners can execute the frameworks I have without hand-holding, and therefore, would be very likely to succeed with the next set of frameworks (getting to $30M, $50M, $100M looks different than getting to $3-$10M). They know that my style works for them, because it already has. So we operate on shared trust - I trust they can execute, and they trust that our stuff works again, because it already has….all while helping everyone else….fo’ free. So it allows me to preemptively avoid failures and dramatically increases success likelihood. Let me show you how much…. At the time of this writing, every business I have started since March of 2017 has achieved a $1,500,000/mo run rate. According to the Small Business Administration, the odds of a single business even achieving $10M/year in revenue are .4%, or 1 in 250. Having it happen four times in a row is .4% x .4% x .4% x .4%= very very low probability that it was luck. As such, I can say with conviction that we know how to recreate success using the frameworks I share over and over again. They work because they are timeless business principles. I actively visualize, every day, how it felt to wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats, wondering how I’d make payroll. That gut-wrenching