# Heading: Full_Text (Part 55)
Product Naming your product properly helps your avatar know the product is for them and is valuable and will solve their problems. If you want to do this live with me, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and select “Naming Products” to watch a short video tutorial so you can start using this in your business to make more sales ASAP. I also made a Free Naming Formula Checklist for you to use and reuse with your team. It also works for naming promotions. As always, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. SECTION V: EXECUTION HOW TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN IN THE REAL WORLD YOUR FIRST $100,000 “The first $100,000 is a bitch, but you gotta do it. I don't care what you have to do—if it means walking everywhere and not eating anything that wasn't purchased with a coupon, find a way to get your hands on $100,000. After that, you can ease off the gas a little bit.” CHARLIE MUNGER, VICE CHAIRMAN BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY March 2017. My heart was racing. I could literally feel each beat pounding in my chest. I clenched my jaw to fend off the knot in my throat that I knew would lead to tears. I wanted to give in. Years of emotions were bottled below the surface. Years of ignoring my reality and lack of success. Years of putting off how I felt just focusing on moving forward. The pressure was shooting to the surface. I could feel it. “We did it,” I said. Leila, my wife now, looked up at me. She was in the kitchen making dinner and stopped, spatula in hand. “What do you mean?” “We did it. We hit $100k.” I could barely get the words out because I didn’t want the tears to break through the tremble in my voice. “Like revenue?” “No. Like in our personal bank accounts.” “Holy shit really?! That’s amazing!!” She ran over to me, disregarding the food on the stove, and wrapped her arms around my neck, spatula still in hand. “I’m so proud of you” She squeezed me. I slumped into her arms. It was like every knot in my body that I had been holding onto melted all at once. I could barely contain myself. But when I think back to it, the feeling I had wasn’t happiness. It was relief. I’d moved from fear to security. I’d traded feeling like a failure everyday, watching my work and effort yield nothing, to realizing a dream. The constant anxiety and fear of “what are we gonna do” finally be replaced by something else. I finally had time to let myself feel something. I felt like this “struggle” chapter of life was finally over. “Look,” I said. “It’s for real” I nuzzled my head out of Leila’s arms. I didn't want to look her in the eyes because I knew it would put me over the edge. I pulled my phone out and put it between us. We both stared at the unmoving screen with our personal bank account balance. $101,018 Our gazes remained unbroken as they confirmed a new, shared reality. It wasn’t an illusion. It wasn’t revenue. It wasn’t “profit” that was still in the business account, only to be taken out later by some unforeseen emergency. It wasn’t “earmarked” money that had to be used to pay off some debt. It was ours. For real. “Babe,” I said. “We could fuck up and not make another dollar for three straight years, and still be okay.” At the time, $33,000 per year was more than enough for us to live at our current expenses for three years and some. Years of ups and downs. Years of ploughing money into my business(es) only to watch it vanish in overhead, payroll, and mistakes. Years of seminars, courses, workshops, coaching programs, masterminds . . . had F-I-N-A-L-L-Y turned into wealth. It felt like I had broken into a new plane. The relative increase in wealth was more than I ever felt. Tens of millions of dollars in the bank later, it was, and still is, the richest I have ever felt in my life. It was the beginning of the next chapter in my life as a business person and entrepreneur. Some people get there fast. Some people get there slowly. But everyone gets there eventually, as long as you don’t give up. Keep moving forward. Keep getting up. Keep believing it can happen. And, it will. In A Nutshell We’ve covered a lot. And I think it’s important for information to sink in, that it be consolidated and restated. So this is the “back of the napkin” bullet list to summarize what we’ve learned so far and why. 1. We covered why you must not be a commodity in this marketplace. 2. Why you should pick a normal