# Heading: Full_Text (Part 7)
carry out business as a business is by making the prospect an offer. What’s An Offer Anyways? The only way to conduct business is through a value exchange, a trade of dollars for value. The offer is what initiates this trade. In a nutshell, the offer is the goods and services you agree to give or provide, how you accept payment, and the terms of the agreement. It is what begins the process of getting customers and making money. It is the first thing any new customer will interact with in your business. Since the offer is what attracts new customers, it is the lifeblood of your business. No offer? No business. No life. Bad offer? Negative profit. No business. Miserable life. Decent offer? No profit. Stagnating business. Stagnating life. Good offer? Some profit. Okay business. Okay life. Grand Slam Offer? Fantastic profit. Insane business. Freedom. This book helps entrepreneurs craft those Grand Slam Offers. These are the offers that are so effective, profitable, and lifechanging that it seems they can only be the result of luck! That’s how it looks to an untrained eye, at least. As you likely now know, I have crafted thousands of offers over the last decade. Most failed. Some did okay. And some struck gold . . . but I never really knew why. As Dr Burgelman, a famous Stanford business school professor said, it is far better to have understood why you failed than to be ignorant of why you succeeded. But, as the data started rolling in, what seemed like “luck” and “fortune” was closer to a repeatable framework. I have been fortunate enough to have struck gold enough times to document these frameworks and have gotten “lightning to strike twice.” I have put the steps and components of those frameworks in a logical and digestible format so they are actually useful. Today. Like now. I’m giving you action. Instead of a sad-but-typical book of vague business theories and mental masturbation. The Two Main Problems Most Entrepreneurs Face and How This Book Solves Them Although you can make the list of problems you face a mile long, which is a great way to stress yourself out, all these problems typically stem from two big kahunas: 1. Not enough clients 2. Not enough cash (excess profit at the end of the month) Seems obvious, right? It costs more money and time to get more clients, thereby solving issue one, and that money is coming from the profit margins, which creates problem two! What’s more annoying, prospects savagely compare and belittle our services in favor of cheaper and crappier alternatives — with the cheapest one “winning.” This, of course, when “winning” means getting to work more for even less (sad face). Let’s say you’ve slashed prices to get more customers. You may even have a full client load. But here you are, barely making it because profit margins are too thin. “Competition” becomes a race to the bottom. If you’re struggling with one or both of these issues, you’re not alone. I’ve been there. Heck, I think every entrepreneur has these same challenges. I also want you to know that it’s not your fault. Typical models weren’t designed for profit maximization. They were designed by companies who have boatloads of funding and can operate at a loss for years. When these models are used in the real world, business owners just barely “get by.” They essentially “buy themselves a job” and work 100 hours a week to avoid working 40. Crappy trade. My guess is that if you’re anything like me, you signed up for something better. Keep an open-mind. The contents of this book, if executed, can transform your business . . . fast. It’s okay if you’re not into money numbers or business models. I’ve done all that work for you. I’m walking you through the process step-by-step in these pages. I’m going to explain each of the big two problems we touched on above in detail, including why they don’t work. Then I’m going to show you the solutions. And to wrap this adventure up, I’ll explain how to enhance value to maximize how much you make per customer, so that you can outmarket everyone and stack cash. We use this offer model for every niche we work with (chiros, dentists, gyms, agencies, plumbers, roofers, dog walkers, physical products, software, brick and mortar stores, and so many more), and it’s amazing how fast things can improve with each and every one of them when they use this framework. What’s In It For You? I’ve made every (dumb) business mistake in the book. Now, you can learn from my embarrassing, brutal, multi-million dollar fuck-ups without having to suffer the pain yourself. Building these businesses has been a very hard and emotional journey