# Heading: Full_Text (Part 51)
not THE most desirable setup. First because it makes you accountable to your clients' results. Second it weeds out low performers. Perfect alignment between client and service provider fosters collaboration and a long-term relationship. I'm a big fan. The drawbacks are tracking and collection. So if you can find a way around that...you’ve hit a gold mine. This is a part of the offer we teach our agencies who use our software. We help them switch from a retainer model to a performance model and wrap that into the Grand Slam Offer I walked through earlier. I've seen countless agencies go from $20k/mo to $200k+/mo in a matter of a few months. You can also pair a revshare or performance setup with a minimum. It would be like saying “we get the greater of $1000 or 10% of revenue generated.” So if the client doesn’t generate money because of whatever reason this at least covers your costs of services etc. Or saying we get $1000/mo for the first 3 months, then after that, it switches to 100% performance. This would be ideal for a setup that takes a lot of time to get going. These types of offers work well when you have quantifiable outcomes. The stronger, of course, is no guaranteed payment without performance. Create Your Own Winning Guarantee Reversing risk is the number one way to increase the conversion of an offer. Experienced marketers spend as much time crafting their guarantees as the deliverables themselves. It’s that important. I have personally used all the guarantees listed above (except for the hotel and phone call one, which I just saw and liked). But you can come up with your own! The key is to identify a client’s biggest fears, pain, and perceived obstacles. “What do they not want to have happen if they pay you? What are they most afraid of?” Reverse their fears into a guarantee. Think of the time, emotion, and outside costs associated with any program or service. The more specific and creative the guarantee is, the better. That being said, guarantees are enhancers. They can enhance the magnetism or attraction of any offer, but they cannot make a business. If a guarantee is used to cover up a poor sales team or a poor product, it will backfire into lots of refunds. No bueno. My advice: Start selling service-based guarantees or setting up performance partnerships. This will make all sales final (so no fear from refunds). Most importantly, it will commit you to your customers’ results and keep you honest. From there, either keep that guarantee and scale (perfectly fine), or move up the food chain to less restrictive guarantees to increase volume. We now have a core offer built and guarantees chosen. Next Up... Now all we have to do is put a bow on this puppy and actually name it. Naming an offer correctly determines how well your advertising converts, how big of a response you get from outbound emails/cold calls/texts, and how many inbound responses you get from organic comments. It matters. That being said, I will show you how to generate unlimited names or “wrapping paper” for your offer. That way it never fatigues, no matter how small your market may be. This is the key to evergreen lead generation. Free Gift # 9 BONUS: Create A Winning Guarantee With Me Guarantees can make or break businesses. They are like dynamite, they can be incredibly powerful if in the hands of an expert. Go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and select “Creating Guarantees” to watch a short video tutorial so you can start using this in your business to make more sales ASAP. I also made a Free Guarantee Checklist for you to use when thinking through all the variables. As always, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. 16 ENHANCING THE OFFER: NAMING Implicit-egotism effect: we are generally drawn to the things and people that most resemble us. L ike the tree that falls in the forest that no one hears, having a Grand Slam Offer will not make you money if no one finds out about it. The goal must be that upon hearing about your offer, your ideal prospects are interested enough to take action. Naming it properly is an integral part of this process. Here’s an example. Say you see a “Free Six-Week Stress Release Challenge” and a “Float Tank Center Session.” While they may be the same thing, just named differently, you’re much more likely to respond to the first. Now here’s the rub: over time, offers fatigue. And in local markets, they fatigue even faster. Why? In a local market, it costs relatively little to reach an entire population. On most platforms you can reach 1,000 people for about $20. So, if there are 200,000 people in your addressable area, then