# Heading: Full_Text (Part 56)
but it could be worse. Then, more. Thank God. Then, more. Then, a wave of hands. Holy cow. People looked to their sides and behind them. It was almost the entire room. I let the moment sink in for all of us. I’ll never forget it. I knew we had good word of mouth, but not this good. “That” I said, “is the power of word of mouth.” *** I know you weren’t there when Leila and I realized we were making $500,000+ per week from word of mouth. I know you weren’t there to see $30M in customers say someone referred them. The first time I realized the power of referrals - it was by accident. Seeing how much it made me, I studied what had gone right. I wanted to make sure I could recreate it on purpose. For me to transfer that ability to you, I have to transfer the beliefs that created it. And these experiences formed those beliefs. This is why I share them. People copied our offers, ads, and lead magnets. They copied our landing pages, emails, and sales scripts. They copied everything they could–but they did it with little success. They think it’s about "advertising," and it is. But the best advertising is a happy customer. An amazing product turns every customer into a lead getter. The world loses trust by the second. Every day, more customers do their research. They arm themselves with information to make purchasing decisions. As well they should. So to play at higher levels, we need our product to not only deliver... but delight. Customers must get so much value it compels them to tell other people about us. The good news is, once you know how, it’s easier than you think. In this chapter, I explain how to get the lowest cost, highest profit, and best quality leads out there: referrals. How Referrals Work A referral happens when somebody, a referrer, sends an engaged lead to your business. Anyone can refer, but the best referrals come from your customers. So this chapter focuses on getting more referrals from your customers. How Referrals Grow Your Business Referrals are important because they grow your business in two ways: 1. They’re worth more (higher LTGP). Referrals buy more expensive stuff and buy it more times. They also tend to pay in cash upfront. Lovely. 2. They cost less (lower CAC). If one customer sends you another customer because they like your stuff, that new customer costs you nothing. And free customers are cheaper than customers that cost money. So free customers = good. But what does this stuff really mean? Check this out…imagine you had an LTGP to CAC ratio of 4 to 1. That means it costs twentyfive percent of your lifetime gross profit of one customer to get another. Not bad. But now imagine if every customer brought you two more customers. You’d now have an LTGP to CAC ratio of 12 to 1– you’d use just over 8.3% of your lifetime gross profit to get a new customer. So you get three customers for the price of one. Now we’re talking. Hooray. What a deal! On top of that, referrals are exponential. Let me explain. The number of engaged leads you get from the core four depends on how much you do them. The inputs to outputs have pretty linear relationships. If you do 100 reach outs you get engaged leads. If you double it, your leads roughly double. If you spend $100 on ads, you get engaged leads. If you double it, your leads roughly double. So no matter how well you advertise, how much you get depends on how much you do. And that’s great. But with word of mouth, we can do even better. With word of mouth, one customer brings two. Two bring four. Four bring eight. And so forth. It’s not linear, it’s exponential. Nothing scales like word of mouth. Want to know why so few people scale by word of mouth? They lose customers faster than they get them. Look at the referral growth equation to see it in action. Referrals (in) minus churned customers (out). If referrals are greater than churn: you grow without any other advertising (yay!) If referrals are equal to churn: you need other advertising to grow your business (meh) If referrals are less than churn: you’ve got to advertise to break even (boo - most folks) This gets nutty when you look at percentages. If the percentage of referrals every month is bigger than the percentage of customers who leave, your business compounds every month. You’d have to spend that much more money on ads, do that many more reach outs, or post that much more content just to maintain that growth. You eventually hit a