# Heading: Full_Text (Part 22)
time, your audience keeps growing. This was a lesson my ego prevented me from learning for too long. It took an entire year of getting hit in the face with solid evidence before I changed my ways. Building an audience is the most valuable thing I’ve ever done. I saw Kylie Jenner, Huda Kattan, Connor McGregor, and The Rock become billionaires “overnight.” My famous friend said a massive audience was crucial to his success. The overwhelming evidence broke my beliefs, so I rewrote them. I now saw the power of having an audience. But, I didn’t know where to start. So, I did what I always do. I paid for knowledge. Buying somebody else’s experience saves the time it would take to figure everything out yourself. Leila bought me four calls with a big influencer who had the type of audience I wanted to build. She paid $120,000. On my first call, he told me to post regularly on every platform. So, that's what I did. Twelve months later, my audience grew by more than 200,000 people. On my second call, he noted the progress. But I wanted more, “Do you have a blueprint for your personal branding? How do you put out all that content?” He said, “Bro, anyone telling you there’s some secret is trying to sell you something. We just put out as much as we possibly can. Pull up your Instagram and pull up my Instagram... Look. You’ve posted once today. I posted three times. Pull up your LinkedIn… Look. You posted once this week. I posted five times today.” He went platform by platform. I grew more embarrassed with each comparison. “You just gotta do more bro.” Simple. Not easy. Over the next six months I put out ten times the content. And over the next six months, I added 1.2M people to my audience. Also, when I put out ten times the content, my audience grew ten times as fast. Volume works. Content works. A growing audience is the result. And in this chapter, I’ll break down how I did it so you can too. How Building An Audience Works - You Post Great Free Content Warm reach outs don’t get a lot of engaged leads for the time we invest. If we want to reach ten people, we have to repeat ourselves ten times. Lots of effort. By posting free content, we can say it once and reach all ten. So, posting free content can get a lot more engaged leads for the time we invest. Hooray. The people who think it’s valuable become part of your warm audience. If they think other people will find it valuable, they share it. And if the people they share it with like it, they become part of your warm audience too. Rinse and repeat. The sharing can go on infinitely. The more they share your stuff, the larger your warm audience gets. And once in a while, you’ll make them an offer. If your offer has enough value, they’ll take it. When they do, you make money. And the bigger the audience, the more money you make. Look at it this way: Posting free content grows your warm audience. So constantly posting free content means you’ll have a constantly growing audience of people more likely to buy your stuff. Free content makes all other advertising more effective. If you reach out to someone and they can’t find content related to your services, they’re less likely to buy. On the other hand, if they find lots of valuable content, they are more likely to buy. This is what my ego prevented me from learning. Now the headlines with Jenner, Huda, McGregor, and The Rock all made perfect sense. But, posting free content is not all sunshine and rainbows. It has trade-offs. First, it is more difficult to personalize your message. So fewer people respond. Second, you compete with everyone else posting free content. This makes it harder to stand out. Third, if you do stand out, people will copy you. This means you need to constantly innovate. That being said - A bigger audience means more engaged leads. More engaged leads means more money. More money means you more happy. Just kidding - it won’t do that. But it’ll give you the resources to remove stuff you hate. Anyways… This chapter covers only two topics. First, we demystify audiencegrowing content by showing it’s all made of the same basic units. A content unit has three components - Hook, retain, and reward. Second, how linking basic units together will make audiencegrowing content for any platform or media type. The next chapter (Post Free Content Part II) shows you how to weaponize this content to make money. But for now, you can’t monetize content until you know how