# Heading: Full_Text (Part 14)
is the pitch.” If you can articulate the pain a prospect is feeling accurately, they will almost always buy what you are offering. A prospect must have a painful problem for us to solve and charge money for our solution. Pro Tip The point of good writing is for the reader to understand. The point of good persuasion is for the prospect to feel understood. 2) Purchasing Power A friend of mine had a very good system for helping people improve their resumes to get more job interviews. He was great at it. But try as he did, he just could not get people to pay for his services. Why? Because they were all unemployed! This, again, may seem obvious. But he thought, “These people are easy to target. They’re in massive pain. There are plenty of them, and it's constantly adding new people. This is a great market!” He just forgot a crucial point: your audience needs to be able to afford the service you’re charging them for. Make sure your targets have the money, or access to the amount of money, needed to buy your services at the prices you require to make it worth your time. 3) Easy to Target Let’s say you have a perfect market, but no way of finding the people who comprise it. Well, making a Grand Slam Offer will be difficult. I make my life easier by looking for easy-to-target markets. Examples of this are avatars that have associations they belong to, mailing lists, social media groups, channels they all watch, etc. If our potential customers are all gathered together somewhere, then we can market to them. If searching them out, however, is like finding needles in a haystack, then it can be very difficult to get your offer in front of any potentially interested eyes. This point is tactical. It is reality, not theoretical. For instance, you may want to serve rich doctors. But if your ads are being displayed to nursing students, your offer will fall on deaf ears, no matter how good it is. Main point: you want to make sure you can target your ideal audience easily. (Clarifying point - there is no issue wanting to serve rich doctors, they are easy to find. This is just illustrative that your promotions must be served to the right audience). 4) Growing Growing markets are like a tailwind. They make everything move forward faster. Declining markers are like headwinds. They make all efforts harder. This was Lloyd's example. Newspapers had three of the four makings of a great market: (1) lots of pain, (2) purchasing power, (3) easy to target. But they were shrinking (fast). No matter how hard he tried, the entire marketplace was fighting against him. Business is hard enough, and markets move quickly. So you might as well find a good market to give you a tailwind to make the process easier. Making This Real There are three main markets that will always exist: Health, Wealth, and Relationships. The reason that those will always exist is that there is always tremendous pain when you lack them. There is always demand for solutions to these core human pains. The goal is to find a smaller subgroup within one of those larger buckets that is growing, has the buying power, and is easy to target (the other three variables). So if I were a relationship expert trying to find my avatar, I’d rather focus on “second half of life relationship” coaching for old timers than helping college students in relationships. Why? Because senior citizens who are alone are likely suffering more pain as they are nearer their deaths (pain), have more buying power (money), and are easy to find (targeting). Lastly, at the time of this writing, there are more people turning 65 each year than turning 20 (growing). That is the idea. Think about what you are good at in regards to health, wealth, and relationships. Then think about who might value your service the most (is in the most pain), has the buying power to pay what you want (money), and can be found easily (targeting). As long as those three criteria are strong and the market isn't shrinking, you’ll be in good shape. But how important to your success is finding a “great market” versus a “normal market” versus a “bad market?” The answer: it actually depends. Let me explain. Order of Importance: Three Levers on Success It’s unlikely you are going to be in a dying market like the newspaper example. It’s also unlikely you’re going to be selling toilet paper in COVID (buying frenzy). You’ll likely be in a “normal” market. And that’s totally okay. There is a fortune to be made within normal markets. My single point here is that you can't be