# Heading: Full_Text (Part 67)
cost a ton and never work. But then I realized that even if they did work, I’d need them forever. They’d have my business by the balls! It turns out my expectations weren’t far off. They offered to run my ads alright, for an arm and a leg. Money I couldn’t justify spending with my low margins. But, then again, my advertising costs were killing me. And at this rate, in a few months, I wouldn’t be able to keep my doors open. Stressful. I refused the first agency because I couldn’t afford it at the time. The second call started going the same way. I began to panic. How am I gonna fix this? In what felt like a last ditch effort to stay in business, I asked the second agency owner for what I really wanted… “Can you just show me in a few hours how you would run ads on my account?” “No.” He fired back. “My time’s not for sale.” Worried but still hopeful…“What sort of arrangement could we come to?” He thought for a moment. Then his eyebrow shot up and a smirk appeared. “Fine. $750 an hour.” Gulp. His intimidation tactic worked. But at least I knew his time was for sale... so I wanted to find out more. “And for $750 per hour you will sit down with me and show me how you would run my ads?” “Yes.” “And, I’d be the one doing everything? Like, you’ll walk me through what to do and look over my shoulder as I do it, then you’ll explain why you do it that way?” “Yea” “And you’re confident you can make my ads more profitable? … and show me the more advanced stuff too, right?” “Yea. I mean. If you wanna pay me $750 an hour, we can do whatever you want. It’s your money” He said, half laughing. It sounded more like It’s your funeral. I paused. “Alright. I’ll do it. We’ll meet one hour a week. You give me homework and I’ll study between calls. Fair enough?” “Works for me. But you gotta pay for the first four hours up front” So that’s what I did. I placed a three thousand dollar bet on this guy’s word that he knew what he was doing. Yikes. But, every week thereafter, I showed up. And like a good student, I came with notes and questions ready. I also recorded and rewatched every call because I didn’t want to miss anything. The first two calls, he took the wheel and I watched. Calls three and four, he put me in the driver’s seat. By calls five and six, it clicked. I got how he made decisions and what data he tracked. At seven and eight, I realized I didn’t need his help anymore. I had learned how to run paid ads, at least on Facebook, like a pro. And, if I had to make a guess, it was because I learned it…from a pro. In this chapter, we explore a not-so-obvious-but-much-better-way to use agencies to get more leads. Let’s get crankin’. How Agencies Want You To Think They Work Advertising agencies are lead-getting service businesses. You pay them to run paid ads, do outreach, or package and distribute content. For example, let’s say you want to post free video content. But, you know nothing about making video content or how to distribute it. You’d need to learn how to pick video topics, record videos, edit videos, make thumbnail images, and write headlines. Or, you’d need to hire the people who do. Enter the agency. They say they’ve hired and trained people to do that stuff already. So they promise faster, better, and more cost-efficient results than you could get on your own. And as soon as I had enough money, it felt compelling enough. After my first experience with an agency, that I mentioned earlier and went quite well, I decided to use more. But my experience with the next ten plus agencies was different because I used them ‘the right way.’ Each went something like this: Step 1: They got me excited about all the new leads they would bring. Step 2: I’d go through an onboarding process that felt valuable (and sometimes was). Step 3: They assigned their “best” senior rep to my account. Step 4: I saw some results. Step 5: They moved my senior rep to the newest customer... Step 6: A junior rep starts managing my account. My results suffered. Step 7: I complained. Step 8: The senior rep would come back once in a while to make me feel better. Step 9: Results still suffered. And I’d eventually cancel. Step 10: I’d search for another agency and repeat the cycle of insanity. Step 11: For the zillionth time–Start wondering why