# Heading: Full_Text (Part 36)
A person can write a handwritten letter to every person on the list. If it takes a person time to convey the message each time, it’s manual. Automated Examples: We can send a pre-recorded voice memo to someone’s direct messages. We can send a pre-recorded voicemail to someone’s voicemail box. We can send templated emails to an inbox or a templated text to someone’s phone. We can send a pre-recorded video. Etc. You record your message one time and then send the same message to everyone. b) Automate Distribution. Once we have our messages prepared, we gotta distribute them. And there’s no award for who works the hardest, only for who gets the best results. Although one leads to the other. And as you build your skills, you will find ways to automate portions of the work. I encourage you to automate when ethical and available. Manual examples: Dial each phone number. Click send on each email, direct message, text, etc. Automated examples: Use a robot to dial multiple numbers at a time. Send a blast of 1000 emails, texts, voicemails at one time. Etc. Generally speaking, you sacrifice personalization for scale. You get a higher response rate with personalized messages. The fewer leads you have, the less automation you should use. For example, if there are only 1000 hedge fund managers who meet your criteria, you’re gonna wanna personalize every one of them. On the other hand, if you’re targeting women 25-45 trying to lose weight, there are tens of millions of them. So you can get away with less personalization. But…if you personalize…you’ll get even more (wink). Action Step. Embrace new technology. Allocate ten to twenty percent of your effort towards brand new untested technology. For example, if you make phone calls five days per week, try out a new dialer or tech one of the days and see how it does compared to your standard dialer. c) Follow up. More times. More ways. There are two more ways you can get more from your list of names. First, you try to contact them more than once. Shocker. But wanna know something crazy, most people don’t. Here’s a different way to think about it. Imagine you really needed to get a hold of your parents because something important came up. What would you do? You’d probably call them, text them, leave a voicemail, etc. And if they still haven’t responded, what would you do? You'd call and text them again (probably shortly thereafter). It's the same way with prospects. They are in danger of living life without your solution. Be a hero. Save them! The more ways you try to contact someone, the more likely you are to contact them. People respond to different methods. For example, I never respond to phone calls. But, I reply to direct messages far more. Contacting someone multiple times multiple ways shows them you are serious. And doing so quickly communicates you have something important to discuss. Curiosity increases because they fear they're missing out. Personally, I like to email first. You know why? Because most people don’t respond. If someone doesn’t respond to one of your reach out methods, use that as a reason to follow up with another method. “Hey I’m calling you to follow up about my email.” We either get a response or a real reason to reach out again. We win either way. And once you do get them booked for an appointment, expect more than one conversation. Remember, we’re contacting complete strangers. Outreach takes more touch points with people who don’t know you. So expect two to three conversations before a higher ticket sale. Shoot for less, but expect more when you start out. Bottom line: Act like you’re actually trying to get ahold of these people, rather than going through the motions, and you probably will. Action Step: Contact each lead multiple times in multiple ways. Second, once you finish contacting your list, start back at the top again. This actually works for three reasons. One, because they simply may not have seen your first series of messages. Only a fool would think one hundred percent of people see what you put out one hundred percent of the time. So we make up for that discrepancy with follow up. Two, even if they do see it, it may not have been a good moment to respond. People's schedules change every day. And there are times when people can’t respond to you even if they wanted to. So the more opportunities you give them to respond, the greater the chance they will. Three, their circumstances may have changed. They might not have needed you then, but need you desperately now. Imagine a person you message about losing weight before the holidays. At that time, they fit