# Heading: Full_Text (Part 78)
of what happens naturally. If you start on your own, you tend to get your first referrals before you start building a big team. And when you start building a big team (employees) you’ll probably start looking for professional help (agencies). And only when a business owner has a handle on managing people inside of their business do they tend to get the guts to try and manage people outside their business (affiliates). In any case, you have to forget the idea that everything is going to work out the first time. If you think you’re going to become a millionaire the first year you go out on your own, you’re probably wrong. It’s very unlikely. And an obsession with “getting rich quick” will likely ensure it never happens. People try shortcuts for a decade until they realize they should have picked a strategy and stuck with it for a decade. If you do that, success is inevitable. Once you find something that works for you–stick to what you pick. Those are the best words of encouragement I can offer. The longer you play the game, the better you will get, and the more success you will have. Just don't quit or switch methods after seeing a few losses. It’s normal to lose in the beginning. In fact, I expect to crack a new lead source in three to six months (and this isn’t my first rodeo). So if your expectations are faster than that, do you think your expectations are reasonable? We covered a lot here. This section was how you scale: you get other people to help you. They are the missing link. Each has their own strategy and best practices. Use what applies to you now. This leads us to Section V: Get Started. I want to put everything together for you in a nice bow so you know exactly what to do next. Together, we’ll eliminate leads as the bottleneck in your business forever. Onwards! Section V: Get Started “It’s not the end. It’s not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning” -Winston Churchill June 2017. Three months after we lost it all, again, and switched Gym Launch to licensing. “Hey Leila, what do you make of this?” I asked. “What’s up?” I gave her my phone. Mr. and Mrs. Hormozi, we cordially invite you to a private event for entrepreneurs earning eight figures and up. Let me know if you’re interested. “Seems cool” she said. “...but we’re not making eight figures?” I pretended not to hear her. “You wanna go?” “Sure. Is it included in our mentorship dues?” “One sec, I’ll ask” An email response came a moment later: No, this is an additional fee. It is a two-day event limited to ten people at a private resort. “Nope” I said. “Huh. Can we afford to go?” Ouch. “Who cares? We can’t afford not to go.” 10 days, a long flight, and a short drive later… We made it. The “cool kids” meet up. I had one goal, to add as much value as I could to everyone else in the room. But the moment I walked in, I knew I was out of my league. I recognized almost everyone there. They were famous in the advertising world. They all spoke at huge events. Signed autographs. Made millions. Then, there was me. I wasn’t an eight-figure entrepreneur. I was a kid from Baltimore just paying to breathe everyone else’s air. Once everyone settled we had a short housekeeping discussion and then got down to business. This way of doing things was a sharp contrast to the big stages, booming sound systems, flashing lights, and other theatrics that “real” events have. The first speaker was ready to go. He had a ‘man bun’ and loose yoga-ish clothing. He looked like a hippie. But then, he opened with how he was only doing $3,000,000 per month…is this for real!? I felt like a fraud. The numbers he shared with such a casual attitude blew my mind. How is this possible? He continued on with his talk using all sorts of business, advertising, and tech jargon. He pointed to dizzying charts and graphs. I came here to learn more about advertising but felt dumber by the second. I recognized enough of the words to realize I knew nothing useful about them. His presentation went way over my head. I started sweating bullets. Leila grabbed my hand. We both felt stressed and out of our depths. He finished and finally opened up for Q&A. Excellent. But the questions were still at the same level as his presentation. Nope, I’m still doomed. Then, an awkward voice cracked.“So uhh… What courses are you taking to learn all this stuff?” Now we’re talking. I