# Heading: Full_Text (Part 77)
the affiliate as payment. ● Here’s the gross profit we have left after cost of goods and payouts: ○ ($120,000 total) - ($30,000 costs) - ($36,000 payouts) = $54,000 leftover ● Let’s find our affiliate LTGP to CAC ratio: ○ ($54,000 gross profit left) / ($4000 to get an affiliate) = 12.5 : 1 …Not too shabby. If you recall from earlier, we need to be at least at 3:1 to have a decent business. Like the example, we want the ratio even higher than that (5:1, 10:1+). Now, if we had these numbers, we’d just do more. But, if your actual LTGP : CAC is less than 3, here are the three ways to improve it: 1) Lower CAC: We get affiliates for less (by improving our ads, offer, and sales process). 2) Increase LTGP & Decrease CAC: Get more to activate (by creating a launch process). 3) Increase LTGP: We make them worth more (by improving our integration process). With affiliates, you now have at least two layers of customers. Your customers, and the people who get you customers. And if you’ve got super-affiliates you add a third, the people who get you the people who get you customers! This adds complexity, but if you can manage it, it’s worth it. Now that you understand how to use affiliates to advertise, and how to make them more profitable– let’s bring it all home. Conclusion Like referrals, affiliates aren’t an advertising method you can ‘do.’ They’re people who advertise your stuff to benefit you both. You do the core four to get them, and if you want them to love you, then you treat them like customers. Because in a lot of ways, they are. And if you deliver more value to them than it costs them to get it (especially hidden costs), they’ll get you more leads than you can handle. And like we learned earlier, there are two ways to create a compounding business. You can find more people that never stop buying your stuff or you can find more people who never stop selling it for you. Referrals are the former. Affiliates are the ladder. In theory, once you build an affiliate army, you never need to advertise again. They keep getting you leads month after month. The main reason - it makes sense for them. The way you do business, your leadership, and the value of your product all come into play. You are only as good as the goodwill you have with your affiliate partners. Arrange it right and you should both be better off from the relationship. They should be able to spend more to acquire customers through a more compelling offer, higher profits, or both. And, in return, you get more engaged leads. So why doesn’t everyone do this? They don’t know it’s possible. They don’t know how. Or, they don’t want to. Simple as that. Hopefully we solved all three of those issues at once. Remember, advertising always works, it’s only a matter of efficiency. So once you start, keep going until it works. Action Steps Advertise your affiliate offer until you get ten to twenty affiliates. Get results with those affiliates and use their feedback to work the kinks out of your offer, terms, launches, and integration strategy. Then, scale like crazy by turning their results into your first batch of affiliate lead magnets. Section IV Conclusion: Get Lead Getters “The last skill you ever need to learn is how to get other people to do everything you need for you.” We do the core four to get engaged leads: warm outreach, post content, cold outreach, and paid ads. And we use them to get two types of engaged leads: the ones that become customers, or the ones we turn into lead getters. Lead getters come in four flavors: Referrers, Employees, Agencies, and Affiliates. Each have key strengths: Customer referrals have the biggest potential for low-cost exponential growth. Employees have your direct influence and run your business on your behalf. Agencies teach skills you keep forever and can transfer to your team. Affiliates, once you get them going, can operate entirely on their own. You can either do the advertising or other people can. And there are more “other people” than there are of you. You get more leads for the work you do when you have help. So if you want to get a ton of leads, this is the way. Maybe your head is officially spinning. Now that you understand these advertising methods, you see leads everywhere you look. We have so many ways to grow! And you’d be right. But...you don't know which one to focus on. Any or all of these lead methods can underpin a successful leadgetting strategy, and I put them in the order