# Heading: Full_Text (Part 63)
if you trade forty hours of doing for four hours of managing, you work thirty-six hours less. Brilliant. And the best part is, you can make that trade over and over. You can swap 200 hours of work per week for twenty hours of management. Then, you trade the twenty hours of managing for a manager, who costs you four hours per week to lead. What remains is four hours of work for 200 hours of lead-getting. Boom. Bottom Line: Employees make a fully functioning enterprise that grows without you. Why Employees Make You Wealthy For your business to run without you, other people need to run it. Scenario #1: Imagine you have a business that makes $5,000,000 per year in revenue and $2,000,000 in profit. And, to make that profit, you have to work around the clock. In this situation, you basically have a high paying job. But let’s say you're OK with working all hours and knowing your business would burn down if you took a vacation. Vacations are for losers anyways (kidding *cough* sort of…). We still have another important thing to look at… Sure, you make a bit of money, but your business isn’t worth much. If the business only makes money with you in it, then it’s a bad investment for anyone else. That may not sound like a big deal right now, but let’s consider an alternative. Scenario #2: Your business makes the same $5,000,000 in revenue and $2,000,000 in profit. But there’s one big difference: The business runs without you. This does two very cool things. One, it turns what used to be a risky job into a valuable asset. And two, it makes you much wealthier. Here’s how: First, you get your time back, so you can use that time to invest in your business, buy other businesses, or take your stinkin’ vacations. Second, you become much wealthier because your business is now worth something to someone else. You turned a liability that relied on you into an asset you can rely on. If you have an asset that makes millions of dollars without you then that means somebody else could use it to make millions of dollars without them. In other words, your business is now a good investment. Then investors looking for assets, like Acquisition.com for instance, would buy some or all of it from you. And your $2,000,000 in profit per year, especially if it’s climbing, could easily be worth $10,000,000+, right now. So your business went from having almost zero value to having $10,000,000 of value. So, learning how to get other people to do it for you makes a $10,000,000 difference to your net worth. I’d say it’s worth learning how to do it. Reminder: You get rich from what you make. You become wealthy from what you own. And it took me years to realize this because not that long ago… Everything I Thought I Knew About Employees Was Wrong Have you ever heard… If you want it done right, you gotta do it yourself. No one can do it like I do it. Nobody can replace me. I have. I said all that stuff. I lived all that stuff. For years, every time I hired somebody, I would compare what they could to what I could do. In my head, I felt like it was “me against them.” To somehow prove I was the more ‘able’ one. With my own team! And this belief, this way of “leading” people, never made me more money. For business– “nobody can do it but me” and “if you want something done right you gotta do it yourself” aren’t facts… they’re false. Somebody did similar stuff before you were around. And somebody will continue doing some version of it after you’re gone. In one way or another–everyone is replaceable. It might be by multiple people, technology, or later in time, but everyone can be replaced. My suggestion: replace yourself as soon as you can. Then, you can make yourself useful somewhere else. Many other people figured this out. And so can you. In the early days, whenever I started a business, I could do stuff better than the people I hired. My entire workforce always ended up looking like a ragtag group of misfits who could kind of do one of the many things I could do. This got me up and running at first, but I fell into the trap of believing I was better than everyone else. I would go back and forth between gloating because I was better than them and complaining because they weren’t as good as me. And for whatever reason, it never occurred to me I was the one who hired and trained them. Who was I kidding? The reality was twofold: First,