# Heading: Full_Text (Part 13)
product. He only charged them a percentage of the revenue he added. So if they made nothing, neither did he. It was pure gain for the papers and a great offer. But, despite having a great offer and natural sales ability, his business began to decline. Being a high-achieving entrepreneur, he tried all the different angles to solve the problem — but nothing worked. He couldn't figure out what the issue was. It was hard for me to see him struggle with this because I think Lloyd is much smarter than I am, and the answer seemed obvious to me. But watching him go through this has been a lesson I have taken with me for life. Before I reveal it, what do you think the problem was? Product? Offer? Marketing and sales? His team? Let’s break it down. It wasn’t his product — that was great. It wasn’t his offer — he had a zero risk revshare model. It wasn’t his sales skills — he was a natural salesman. So, then what was the problem? He was selling to newspapers! His market was shrinking by 25 percent every year! He had looked at all the angles, except for the most obvious one. Finally, after years of fighting an uphill battle in his market, he realized his market was the source of his problems and decided to downsize his company. Don’t worry — this story has a second half. To illustrate the power of a market, as soon as COVID hit, Lloyd pivoted. He started an automated mask manufacturing company. With new technology, he brought the cost per mask below what people could buy them for from China. Within five months he was doing millions per month. Same entrepreneur. Different market. He applied his same skill set to a business he had zero experience in and was able to win. That’s the power of picking the right market. I give you that story as a cautionary tale. Your market matters. Lloyd is a very smart human. He is obviously very capable. But we can all be blinded as entrepreneurs because we don't like to give up. We are so accustomed to solving impossible problems that we will keep ramming our heads into the wall. We hate quitting. But the reality is that everyone is affected by their market. So how do you pick the right market? What To Look For There is a market in desperate need of your abilities. You need to find it. And when you do, you will capitalize, all while wondering what took you so long. Don’t be romantic about your audience. Serve the people who can pay you what you’re worth. And remember that picking a market, like anything, is always our choice, so choose wisely. In order to sell anything, you need demand. We are not trying to create demand. We are trying to channel it. That is a very important distinction. If you don’t have a market for your offer, nothing that follows will work. This entire book sits atop the assumption that you have at least a “normal” market, which I define as a market that is growing at the same rate as the marketplace and that has common unmet needs that fall into one of three categories: improved health, increased wealth, or improved relationships. For example Lloyd, from the above newspaper story, could have gone through this entire book and nothing in here would have worked for him. Why? Because he would be targeting newspapers, a dying market. That being said, having a great market is an advantage. But you can be in a normal market that’s growing at an average rate and still make crazy money. Every market I have been in has been a normal market. You just don't actually want to be selling ice to eskimos. Here are the basic tenets of what I look for in markets. Let’s run through them before we return to the offer. When picking markets, I look for four indicators: 1) Massive Pain They must not want, but desperately need, what I am offering. Pain can be anything that frustrates people about their lives. Being broke is painful. A bad marriage is painful. Waiting in line at the grocery stores is painful. Back pain . . . ugly smile pain . . . overweight pain . . . Humans suffer a lot. So for us entrepreneurs, endless opportunity abounds. The degree of the pain will be proportional to the price you will be able to charge (more on this in the Value Equation chapter). When they hear the solution to their pain, and inversely, what their life would look like without this pain, they should be drawn to your solution. I have a saying I use to train sales teams “The pain