# Heading: Full_Text (Part 50)
effort. Your turn I can teach you how to place an ad in twenty minutes. It’ll cost ya $100. Worth it? I hope so. It’s an important skill. It won’t make you money, but you will learn a lesson worth far more than a hundred bucks - running ads is easier than you think. In fact, platforms spend zillions to make it as easy as possible (so they can make more money). Here’s all you gotta do: Search “HOW TO PLACE A [PLATFORM] AD.” Then place one for $100. Don’t go all the way to the end then chicken out. Spend the gosh darn money. Rip off the bandaid. As soon as you do - you’re no longer an observer, you're in the game. Once you have put all these pieces together, it’s time to send it. Spend money. Start with an acceptable amount of money you are willing to lose each month. Expect to lose it. You won’t be earning, you’ll be learning. If you recall our advertising checklist, you’ll need to pick each line to fill out your action card. This kicks off your journey in paid ads to get more engaged leads. Sample Paid Ads Checklist: Paid Ads Part II Conclusion Paid ads are the fastest way to scale how many leads you get. We spent the lion’s share of this chapter talking about efficiency. Because once you understand how ads really make money, it becomes much easier to win. I’ve been very successful with paid ads, but it wasn’t because I was the most creative or had the best copy. It was because I knew the numbers. So follow the steps outlined. I recommend doing paid ads last for two reasons. First, skills from the other three methods transfer to this one. And second, paid ads cost money. Money you will have if you start with the other three methods first. So learn the skills and make the money from the other three methods, so you have the shortest learning curve on this one. And once we have all that, we scale it. We expect to lose more times than we win. And once we win, we scale the hell out of it. And that’s how we do it. Paid ads is the last of the core four ways a single person can let other people know about their stuff. But before we transition to the second half of the book, I wanna show you how to put these strategies on steroids. Core Four On Steroids: More Better New “If at first you don’t succeed, use force.” I surveyed the fifty or so faces of the group. All entrepreneurs looking to scale their businesses. Each hungry for the “missing link” that would flood them with engaged leads. After finishing a presentation on lead generation, I opened up the floor for Q&A: The first business owner chimed in, “I just feel like I’ve saturated the market. I don't think we can get any bigger in the chiropractor niche than we already are.” “What’re you doing in revenue?” I asked. “$2,000,000 a year” “And how much do you spend on advertising?” “About $30,000 a month on Facebook” “What’s your conversion rate from click to close?” “I don’t know” “So you don’t track overall throughput?” “I guess not.” “Okay…What other platforms do you advertise on?” “None.” “How much content do you make for chiropractors?” “None.” “How much cold outreach do you do?” “None.” “And the $30k you spend, on one platform, for a two million dollar business, saturated the $15.1B chiropractor industry? Does that sound reasonable?” A second business owner chimed in before he could answer "If it helps - I'm in the chiropractor niche too, and I spent $30k in advertising, across four platforms, last week..." “Do you still feel like you’ve saturated your niche?” I asked. He got the point. *** I have this conversation daily with entrepreneurs looking to grow. Typically, they have figured out how to get enough customers from one platform to get them to $1M-$3M per year. It’s still not completely predictable. And they have their ups and downs. But they have the “gist” of what they need to do and have seen some success. So it’s at this point they hit a wall because they think they can't make more money. They assume they’ve “tapped” their market. I kid you not. I had a conversation with a different entrepreneur making about $3,000,000 per year in the weight loss space. He worried increasing his ad spend past $40,000 per month would saturate his ad platform. For context, that platform has over 1B active daily users. And he was selling weight loss… in America… a $60B industry. Silly. There are more leads out there than you can possibly imagine. I’ve used a framework to