# Heading: Full_Text (Part 75)
that they have nutrition consults included to get more leads and they could charge more for the added value. And we get the opportunity to sell those leads. Everybody wins. They sell their core offer. Then, they upsell your lead magnet. Then, you upsell your core offer and every offer thereafter. 2) Affiliates Sell Your Lead Magnet. Basically, the affiliate can sell anything of yours that turns their customers into your customers. It could be a book, an event, a service, software, a sample product, etc. Also, giving affiliates all the cash from selling a lead magnet you fulfill becomes all profit and no work for them– an attractive proposition for any business. Your money comes by selling your main thing for more than it cost you to deliver your lead magnet. And if you do it this way, you don't need to split any money with them on your core offer. Another win-win. Example: They sell each of those things we gave away for free in the step above. They sell your massage at a discounted price. They sell your assessment (which you could do 1-1 or in a group format like a workshop). They sell part one of your multi-step solution. What I did. The gyms would sell a nutrition consult with us and keep the money. They’d maybe charge $99 or $199 to sell an hour of our time. If we were clever, we’d let them keep all the money. If we do, they’ll send us even more leads. Then, we’d upsell our products during the consult. …then you split the money. Either you split the upfront cash, all cash for a certain period of time, or all cash forever. I prefer to pay forever so my affiliates stay motivated to keep my customers forever. And, I never cap payouts. 3) Affiliates Sell Your Core Offer. An affiliate sells your core offer directly to their customers and adds another source of income without extra work. For some affiliates, this is their entire source of income! Many companies offer this structure as either a new business opportunity or a bolt-on to the affiliate’s existing business. Either way, anything you sell, they can sell. When you do it this way, the affiliate will get a higher percentage of your lifetime gross profit - but - you won’t have to do anything but deliver. Example: They sell your entire massage package. They sell your entire program or services. They bundle their services with your paid services and charge an even higher price. What I did. We taught gyms to hold nutrition consultations with white labeled products. Then we taught them to upsell our supplements right to their members and we split the money. All three strategies work. They’re just different. After testing, we continue to do Strategy 1 (twice per year as a big event) and Strategy 3 on an ongoing basis. That being said, many similar businesses in our portfolio use Strategy 2. I'm just sharing what worked for us. Bottom Line: Integration is the long term strategy for using affiliates to get enduring lead flow. Treat affiliates like customers. Make your offer make sense for their business. Make it so good they’d feel stupid saying no. Action Step: Integrate with your affiliates by choosing whether you want them to give your lead magnet away, to sell your lead magnet, or to sell your core offer directly. Those are the six steps to recruiting an affiliate army. Now that we covered that, let me give you three real-life case studies to drive this home. Three Case Studies You Can Model Service Business Case Study #1: National Tax Preparation Services My friend's $50M business prepares LLCs, bank accounts, and articles of incorporation. He focuses on people starting businesses for the first time. But, he doesn't try to compete with Legalzoom. Instead, he built it partnering with people who train new entrepreneurs. His strategy is simple: help those people sell more of their stuff by also selling his stuff. So, he offers every affiliate’s customer a free LLC setup. Remember learning about the “high cost lead magnet” from Section II? This is one of those. Launch: He does a big blast off seminar to his affiliates’ audiences to kick things off. People happily take him up on his free LLC offer. That's his lead magnet. Integrate: Once affiliates see the success of the launch, they integrate his lead magnet into their core offer. Then, my friend’s team gets on the phone with the customers his affiliates bring him for free. Here's how he makes his money. He sells them what they'll need next. The services they'll need to start their business: bookkeeping, tax preparation, etc. He hasn’t spent a dollar on paid ads. His true advertising costs are two things. One,