# Heading: Full_Text (Part 34)
more brokers, I stick with their lists. And if I still can’t find who I’m looking for, I move to step three. Step #3 Elbow Grease: I join groups and communities that I think have my audience. When I find people that meet my qualifications, I check to see if they have ways to contact them in the group’s directory–like links to their social media profiles, etc. If they do, I add them to my list. If they don’t, I can reach out to them within the platform hosting the group. I prefer to find contact information outside the group so I don’t come off as someone solely trying to milk the group for business but I will if I have to. So I work my way from the most accessible leads to the least accessible leads. Here’s an important point. If you can search the database, so can everyone else. But if you assemble a list of names yourself, it’s less likely that person has already received many cold reach outs from other companies. So they’re the freshest. Downside: it takes the most time. Of course, you can pay someone else to do this for you once you figure it out for yourself, but we’re only talking about getting started in this chapter. We’ll talk about scaling in Section IV. Action Step: Find your scraping tool by searching “outbound leads scraping tool” or “database lead scraping.” Find brokers the same way. With a few clicks, you’ll find what you’re looking for. Put your first 1000 names together. If you have more time than money, you might want to start at step three since it only costs time. Problem #2: “I have my list, but what do I say to them?” →Personalize, Then Give Big Fast Value Now that you have your list of leads, you gotta figure out what to say. I went over a lot of scripting in the Warm Reach Outs section–this section builds on that one. At the end of this chapter, I also include three sample scripts you can model for cold calls, cold emails, and cold chat messaging. That being said, there are two important factors I emphasize to get strangers to engage: personalization and big fast value. This is important because they don't know us and they don’t trust us. We’ve gotta overcome both issues in a matter of seconds. a) They Don’t Know Us→Personalize (Act Like You Know Them). To get more leads to engage, we want the message to look like it’s from someone they know. The best way to do that is to actually know something about the person you are contacting. In essence, we want our cold reach out to look like a warm reach out. …Imagine your phone rings from an unknown number and area code. Are you likely to pick it up? Probably not. What about if the number is from your area code? A little more likely. Why is that? Because it might be someone you know. So to take this concept further, imagine you pick up the phone... …The person says “<Your name?>” then pausing (like a normal person). You’d say, “yea…who’s this?” Now, if that person then went on to say, “it’s Alex…then pauses…I watched a few of your videos and read that recent blog post you wrote on dog training. It was killer! Really helped me out with my doberman. She’s a beast! That peanut butter trick really helped. Thanks for that.” You’d still be wondering what’s going on. But you know what you wouldn’t be doing?…hanging up. Then you hear, “Oh yea, sorry, I got ahead of myself. I work for a company that helps dog trainers fill up their books. We like to partner with the best in the area. So I’m always on the lookout. We worked with someone about an hour north from you…John’s Doggy Daycare…heard of them?” You’d respond yes or no (it doesn’t matter), and they’d say, “Yea, we ended up getting them 100 appointments in 30 days using a combination of text email and some ads. Do you offer similar services to them?” To which you’d probably say yes. Then they’d say, “Oh that’s perfect. Then we’d be able to use that same campaign in your market and drive leads over to you. If you got a boatload of high paying new dog training customers you wouldn’t be upset with me would you?” You’d laugh lightly. “Okay great. Well…tell ya what…I can walk you through the entire thing soup to nuts later today. Will you be around at 4?” And you’d say - sure - or whatever. The point is, if that person had started the call with “hey man, wanna buy some marketing services?” you’d probably have hung up. Personalization is what gets your foot