# Heading: Full_Text (Part 57)
wall. But with referrals, you can maintain growth no matter how big you get. This is how companies like PayPal and Dropbox exploded into multibillion dollar businesses. I’ll break down their exact strategies later in the chapter. On the other hand, small businesses barely scrape by because they have about the same customers exiting as they do entering. A hamster wheel of death. Here’s why… Two Reasons Most Businesses Don’t Get Referrals Most businesses don’t get referrals for two reasons. First, their product isn’t as good as they think it is. Second, they don’t ask for them. Problem #1: The Product Isn’t Good Enough “Everyone loves our stuff, we just need to get the word out!” - says every small business owner with a product that’s not as good as they think it is. I’m gonna take off my nice guy hat for a second. If your product were exceptional, people would already know about it and you’d have more business than you could handle. So if you sell direct to consumers and they are not bringing you more customers, your product has room to improve. I like to ask myself: “Why are my customers too embarrassed to tell everyone they know about my product?” It may be okay, but it’s unremarkable, as in - not worthy of remark. In fact, most of the stuff I pay for, kind of sucks. My pool guy forgets stuff half the time. My landscapers make tons of noise at the worst hours. My cleaners routinely put my clothes in my wife's closet (I guess that’s what I get for extra schmedium t-shirts). The list goes on. Business owners wonder why they don’t get referrals. The answer is right in front of them. They're just not good enough. Let me show you how I think about it: Price is what you charge. Value is what they get. The difference between price and value is goodwill. This means that price not only communicates value, but it’s also how we judge value. Economics dorks call it ‘customer surplus’. But I’m just gonna call it goodwill. You want lots of goodwill. Lots of goodwill creates word of mouth. Word of mouth means referrals. There are two ways to build goodwill with your customers. You can lower your price or you can give more value. After all, if you lower the price of your product enough, people would line up to get it. But you’d probably lose money. So, lowering the price is, at best, a temporary solution. You can only lower the price so much for so long. And, as marketing legend Rory Sutherland says, “Any fool can sell something for less.” So, to build goodwill to get referrals, the question isn’t how do we lower our price but, how do we give more value? Six Ways To Get More Referrals By Giving More Value There are six ways I get referrals by giving more value. And it just so happens to map to the parts of an ad. Neat-o. 1. Call Outs → Sell Better Customers 2. Dream Outcome → Set Better Expectations 3. Increase Perceived Likelihood of Achievement → Get More People Better Results 4. Decrease Time Delay → Get Faster Results 5. Decrease Effort and Sacrifice → Keep Making Your Stuff Better 6. Call to Action → Tell Them What To Buy Next 1. Call outs → Sell Better Customers. We want to sell better customers because they get the most value from our products. Customers that get the most value have the most goodwill. And the customers that have the most goodwill are most likely to refer. Yes, it’s that simple. Let me give you a real-life example: We have a portfolio company that did public relations for generic small businesses. They had a lot of sales, but they had a lot of churn. So they plateaued. They didn’t grow for years. To see what we could do, we looked at their lowest churning customers to see if they had anything in common - they did. They were all in a specific niche and looking to raise funding from investors. So the solution looked obvious–get more of them! But the founder had a big worry–these customers were only fifteen percent of his business. If he changed his targeting, and it failed, he would lose eighty-five percent of his business(!). But the business wasn’t growing anyway. A tough situation for any entrepreneur. But, after reviewing the data many times, he agreed to change the advertising call outs to match this narrower, “perfect fit” customer. The results: The company broke through its plateau. They grew for the first time in years - and now on track to adding millions per month. Plus, their cost of advertising–a huge expense for their stagnating business–went down. They got