# Heading: Full_Text (Part 81)
Give up the idea of ‘doing your best.’ Instead, do what is required. And sometimes that means your best just needs to get better. How I Make Open To Goal Work For Myself If I had to pick the three habits that best served me in my life - they would be: 1) Waking up early (4-5 am)–Pro tip, this actually means going to bed early… 2) Getting right to work–No rituals. No routines. I drink coffee and get to work. 3) No meetings until noon–No interruptions. Nothing. Fully focused work time. To be clear, I don’t think there’s any magic to waking up early. But I do think there’s magic in a long stretch of uninterrupted work immediately after a long stretch uninterrupted sleep. After all, it’s the most productive hours in a row of the most productive work I can do… with nothing getting in my way… Every. Single. Day. How can you lose? And since I have a good idea of what I can do in a day, I set my daily goal accordingly. Then, only after my dedicated block of work–do I go put out fires, talk to humans, and deal with the other day to day stuff. Waking up early, getting right to work, and working 8 hours straight has been my highest ROI “habit stack.” By a longshot. If you choose to try it, I hope it serves you as well as it has served me (or better). And for those of you thinking “Wait! That’s more than twelve hours of work a day!” You’re right. I’m playing to win. But if it overwhelms you at first, I get it. Just throttle it back a few hours and then work your way up. Some days it’s tough, but I always like to remind myself: “Do more than they do, and you will have more than they have.” Since my job is usually to “get more customers” in most of my companies, advertising is what I focus on. This book, for example, was written exclusively in that open to goal time block. Why? Because it’s an asset that can bring me more companies. So, if you’re gonna follow my high ROI habit stack, then you’re gonna want a clear action plan for that time. This is the simplest advertising plan I can give you. One Page Advertising Checklist Step #1: Pick The Type Of Engaged Lead To Get: Customers, Affiliates, Employees, or Agencies Step #2: Pick Rule of 100 or Open To Goal. Commit To Your Daily Advertising Actions Step #3: Fill Out The Advertising Checklist For That Daily Action Step #4: Do this daily action until you have enough money to afford paying someone else to do it. Step #5: When you do, go back to step 1. Make employees your new target lead type. And repeat steps 1-4 until you have the help you need. Then, scale again. Conclusion Lots of pages. So many ideas. We’re almost at the end. But, you don’t have any more leads. What gives? Answer: Reading doesn’t get people interested in the stuff you sell… advertising does. If you’re not telling anyone about the stuff you sell, then you aren’t getting anyone interested in the stuff you sell. Period. This chapter laid out the plan to advertise in the simplest way I could: Work ‘open to goal.’ Structure your day to make open to goal possible. Create and commit to that goal with the one page advertising checklist. Many skip planning, or worse, they write a one hundred page plan that never gets used. So skip the atrocious waste of time that is writing pages of baloney. Harness the power of laying out your action steps on a single page. It leaves little room for excuses, distractions, and delusions. You either did the stuff or you didn’t. You can fill out your one page advertising checklist in about five minutes. And once the naked truth stares back at you, all you have left is to do it. The Roadmap - Putting it All Together Zero to $100,000,000 “A leader must aim high, see big, judge widely, thus setting himself apart from the ordinary people who debate in narrow confines.” - Charles de Gaulle, French President During World War II To get to where you want to go, it pays to know what lies ahead. So in this chapter, I describe the phases you will go through as you scale your advertising. Acquisition.com uses this roadmap to scale our portfolio companies from a few million a year, all the way to $100,000,000+. These levels will help you identify where you are on the advertising totem pole so you know what to do to get to the next level. Level 1: Your friends know about the stuff you sell. To