# Heading: Full_Text (Part 82)
start getting engaged leads, you make one offer, to one avatar, on one platform. The moment you get engaged leads, is the moment you can start making money. For me, this started with reaching out to everyone I knew. Primary Action: Warm outreach. Level 2: You consistently let everyone you know about the stuff you sell. You know the exact inputs to get an engaged lead with your chosen advertising method. And, by scaling those inputs, you get consistent customers with it. But the consistent customers come from maximizing your personal work capacity. For me, on top of warm reach outs, I maximized my personal work capacity with paid aids, using a case study as my lead magnet. But looking back, I wish I would have started with posting free content. So I suggest that. Primary Actions: Do as much warm outreach and post as much content as you can consistently. Level 3: You get employees to help you do more advertising. You’ve maxed your personal advertising inputs, but not the platform. And if you want more engaged leads that can only mean one thing. Doing more. For me, I hired a videographer and a media buyer to take most of the paid ads work off my plate. Primary Action: You hire people to advertise profitably on your behalf. Level 4: Your product is good enough to get consistent referrals. You continue building goodwill and shoot for getting 25% or more of your customers from referrals. Now, you’ve set yourself up to ramp your advertising again. But to make that work, you have to get more serious about hiring a team to make it happen. This is when I realized that my ads were shut off but I was still getting referrals every week. So, I doubled down on referrals. I built goodwill using customer feedback to update my product every two weeks. I also started a strong referral program with big incentives at the same time. Primary Actions: Focus on your product until you get consistent referrals then go back to scaling your advertising with a bigger team. This is where most people mess up. They let their product slip and never recover. Level 5: You advertise in more places in more ways with more people. First, you expand to new audiences on your best platform. Then, you make ads with all placements and media types the platform supports. And, after your team can get consistent results, you expand your team again to add: another platform, lead-getter, or core four activity. For me, I hit two birds with one stone. I expanded my paid ads to include potential affiliates. And this paved the way for my affiliate programs. Primary Action: Advertise profitably using at least two methods on multiple platforms. Level 6: You hire killers. Your executives grow departments specific to an advertising method or platform without you. And you're not looking for potential. You're looking for experienced leaders specializing in exactly what you want. We capped here. It took me three years to figure out two things. One, that I needed veteran executives with experience suited to my problems. And two, that they needed stronger incentives. But by the time I realized this, I sold those companies. Once I started Acquisition.com I realized the power of expanding the pie to get more of the right people invested in winning. This is how we crossed $100M+ then $200M+ in portfolio revenue and beyond. Primary Action: Get battle-hardened executives and department heads to take over new advertising activities and channels. Level 7: I’ll come back and edit this chapter once I cross a billion. I promise, I’ll send the lessons as soon as I have them. You have my word. Last Points: I know this looks clean. But it never is. Real business is messy. It takes a lot to find what audiences, lead magnets, methods, and platforms work best. And you can only find out what works if you try. So you have to try a lot of different things, a lot of different ways, for a long enough time to know for sure. Nobody can ever know the absolute best thing to do. But I do know this: the more you advertise, the more people find out about the stuff you sell. The more people who know about the stuff you sell, the more people will buy it. This is the key to the $100M Leads Machine. The $100M+ Lead Machine Let’s look into your future. Your business makes $100,000,000+ annual revenue. It’s great to have a clear picture of what the $100M machine looks like. Let’s have a look, shall we? First and foremost, your advertising fires on all cylinders… Your media team scales tons of free content, in all media types, on many platforms. You regularly