# Heading: Full_Text (Part 36)
his sage business advice had been followed. “When demand increases, cut supply.” He perked up slightly as we talked about money. This man had built his business from nothing and had found ways to sell things for extraordinary profits by understanding human psychology. I had long learned about supply and demand, but this guy was using its psychological underpinnings to fuel a fundraising. You could take the tiger out of the jungle, but not the jungle out of the tiger. People want what they can’t have. People want what other people want. People want things only a select few have access to. He was dead right. They had raised an extra one million dollars that night before the event had even started by cutting the supply of tickets and raising the prices. On top of that, all the people were more qualified than ever to be big donors. The night ended up being the most successful night in the charity’s history, raising nearly $5,400,000 from only 100 people (that’s $54,000 per head!). Each of the items was auctioned off as a one-of-a-kind item. And if you missed it, you would never have a chance again to buy it. Arnold even threw in some bonuses when two people would get high enough in the bidding, allowing the charity to get both donations. It was a masterful display of human psychology at work in a setting where people were knowingly over-paying for products. The products remained unchanged, yet within this setting, an item that wouldn’t sell at a different venue for $10,000 sold for $100,000. That’s how powerful scarcity, urgency, and bonuses are. And breaking down how to use them to further increase demand for your offer, without changing your offer, is the purpose of this section. Author Note - Other Persuasion Powers At Play Scarcity, urgency, bonuses, and guarantees were not the only persuasion tools being employed to get egregious prices at the fundraiser. They also used commitment and consistency, status, peer pressure, goodwill, celebrity endorsements, competition, etc. However, scarcity, urgency, and bonuses are the only three I will be breaking down in this book as I believe they belong more with the “offer” and less with the actual “selling,” which I will talk about in depth in Acquisition: Volume IV $100M Sales. The Delicate Dance of Desire Fundamentally, all marketing exists to influence the supply and demand curve. We artificially increase the demand for our products and services through some sort of persuasive communication. When we increase the demand, we can sell more units. When we decrease supply, we can sell those units for more money. The “perfect profit combination” is lots of demand, and very little supply, or perceived supply. The process of enhancing your core offer is designed to do both of these things: increase demand and decrease perceived supply so that you can sell the same products for more money than you otherwise could, and in higher volumes than you otherwise would (over a longer time horizon). Author Note: This assumes a regular business who is not trying to gain mass market penetration for some other strategic advantage. Desire comes from not getting what you want. In fact, I heard this quote that I love from Naval Ravikant: “Desire is a contract you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want.” It follows, therefore, that we only want things we do not have. As soon as we have them, our desire for them disappears. Therefore, if we seek to increase the demand (or desire), we must decrease or delay satisfying the desires of our prospects. We must sell fewer units than we otherwise can. Let that sit with you for a second. Consider this example. We promote some two-day workshop that is upcoming. First we whisper that it’s coming. Then we tease it with some of the benefits. Then we shout that it is launching in a week. Then, when we launch this amazing workshop. We have two supply-demand scenarios: Scenario one: We sell 10 units at $500 each (sell entire pyramid at price all say yes) Scenario two: We sell two one-day workshops 1-on-1 for $5000 each. (skim top of pyramid, with 80 percent not purchasing) It’s worth noting that each of these prospects have a different buying threshold. In my experience, demand for services is non-linear. Instead, I’ve found demand to be fractal (80/20). In other words, one fifth of the prospects are willing to pay five times the price (or more). In the example, I might have ten people willing to pay $500, but two of them willing to pay $5000. So, I would make more, have lower costs (more profits), provide more value, and increase the demand in the remaining prospect base by selling fewer units. Think about how