# Heading: Full_Text (Part 83)
make offers to your warm audience to get more customers or affiliates. Your ravenous audience makes anything you launch immediately profitable. You have teams running and scaling profitable paid ads across multiple platforms. Your cold outreach team gets you more customers. You have an affiliate manager launching and integrating all new affiliates. You have recruiters and recruiting agencies bringing in more lead getters. Your product is so good that a third of your customers bring you more customers. Your executive team drives all this growth without you. And…you have more engaged leads than you can possibly handle. How long does this take? For business owners who know what to do–anywhere from five to ten years. Building something great, even if you know exactly what to do, takes time. And so many like to trumpet “overnight success,” but looking behind the curtain tells a different story. It took my wife and I more than ten years of our best effort, to cross the first $100M in net worth. So the bigger your goals, the longer your time horizons need to be. You want to play games where if you wait, you win. A Decade in a Page “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication” - Leonardo Da Vinci We’ve covered a lot. And I think organizing what we learned into one place helps it sink in. So I made this “back of the napkin” list of what we’ve covered and why. 1) How to define a lead from this point forward. Now you know what you’re after: engaged leads, not just leads. 2) How to turn leads into engaged leads with an offer or lead magnet. And, how to make them. 3) The Core Four - the only four ways we can let people know about the stuff we sell. a) How to reach out to people who know us: ask them if they know anybody b) How to post publicly: hook, retain, reward. Give until they ask. c) How to reach out to strangers: lists, personalization, big fast value, volume d) How to run paid ads to strangers: targeting, callouts, What-Who-Whens, CTAs, client financed acquisition 4) Maximizing the Core Four: More Better New a) What keeps us from doing what I’m currently doing at ten times the volume? Then solving for that. b) Finding the constraint in our advertising. Then testing until it frees the constraint. Then doing more until it gets constrained again. 5) The Four Lead Getters: Customers, Employees, Agencies, and Affiliates a) How to get customers to refer other customers b) How to get employees to scale your advertising without you c) How to get an agency to teach you new skills d) How to get affiliates launched and integrated 6) When advertising in the real world: The Rule of 100 and Open to Goal a) The five step one-page advertising plan to get more leads today. 7) The seven levels of advertisers and the $100M leads machine in action. As I promised in the beginning, the result of these bullets is more, better, cheaper, reliable engaged leads. I hope this book provides you utility. I hope as a result of reading this you know how to get more leads than you currently are. And I hope I unmasked the mystery behind lead getting. Also, since you are one of the few who actually finish what you start, I want to leave you with a parting gift: a fable that has gotten me through my hardest times. The Many Sided Die Imagine you and a friend play a dice-rolling game. You are each given one die. One of the die has 20 sides. The other has 200. On each die, only one side is green. And the rest, are red. The point of the game is simple: Roll green as many times as you can. The rules of the game are as follows: You can’t see how many sides you have. You can only see if you roll red or green. If you roll green–One of your red sides turns green, and you get to roll again. If you roll red–Nothing happens, and you get to roll again. The game ends when you stop rolling. And if you stop rolling, you lose. What do you do? You roll. When you roll red, you pick up the die and roll again. When others roll green, you pick up your die and roll again. When you roll green, you pick up the die and roll again. You keep telling yourself one thing. “The more I roll, the more greens I get.” At first, you roll green once in a while. But as more red sides turn green, the greens happen more. With enough rolls, hitting green becomes the rule rather than the exception. What does your friend do? He rolls a