# Heading: Full_Text (Part 68)
I wasn’t getting results like the first time. To be clear, like the introduction to this chapter shows, agencies can play a valuable role in business growth. But not the way they want you to. I don't want anyone else falling into the same trap. In fact, I hope all the money I wasted goes towards paying down your ignorance tax too. So keep reading. It’s frankly ridiculous that it took me so many years to figure out that I actually used an agency the right way…the first time! But now, after playing their game so many times, I feel I cracked the “how to use an agency” code. And it doesn’t come from playing their game at all. It comes from playing a different one. And this chapter breaks it all down in three steps: 1. Hiring an agency versus doing it yourself 2. How I use agencies now. And how you can, too. 3. How to pick the right agency Hiring An Agency Versus Doing It Yourself First, let’s get this out of the way. Good agencies cost money. So if you have no money, then agencies are out of the question. You’ve gotta learn through trial and error. And that’s no big deal. We all start that way. But if you do have some money, I suggest using agencies for two things: learning new methods and learning new platforms. If I want to learn new ways to do content, outreach, or paid ads, then I hire agencies offering new ways to do them. They’ve already made the big mistakes. So instead of wasting time figuring it out myself, I skip straight to the ‘make money’ part. I like the ‘make money’ part. I also use agencies when I want to start advertising on a platform I don't understand. I make money faster because they do the early setup and maintenance for me and because I get them to teach me how to do it. Hiring an agency is all about investing in important skills you can’t really learn anywhere else. That is, unless you go through all the trial and error to learn it yourself. And if you did, you lose the time, and attention you could have used to learn the other important stuff that scales your business. And scaling your business is the whole point. Action Step: As soon as you have enough money for a good agency, start poking around. If you follow the rest of the steps in this chapter, you’ll make it all back… and then some. How I Use Agencies Now. And How You Can Too. I’ve become a little more sophisticated than the story I told at the beginning. Here’s how I use agencies now. Rather than believe the lie that “I’ll never have to learn this stuff because they can do it,” I start every agency relationship with a purpose and a deadline to fulfill it. I open by saying: “I want to do what you do in my business, but I don’t know how. I’d like to work with you for 6 months so I can learn how you do it. Plus, I’ll pay extra for you to break down why you make the decisions you do and the steps you take to make them. Then, after I get a good idea of how it all works, I’ll start training my team on it. And once they can do it well enough, I’d like to change to a lower cost consulting arrangement. This way, you can still help us if we run into problems. Are you opposed to this?” In my experience, most agencies are not opposed to this. And if it doesn't work for them, that’s perfectly fine. Just move on to the next agency. But, before you start kicking everyone to the curb, be willing to negotiate. At some price, it’s worth it for both of you. Viva capitalism! This is how I use agencies now. Like when I wanted to learn YouTube, I actually hired two agencies. The first, I hired to keep me committed to making videos while they did some legwork on the platform itself. The second I hired (at 4x the price) to really teach us the in-depth ideas behind making the best content possible. And once our videos beat their videos, we dropped down to consulting only. I’ve used this method again and again. I hire one “good enough” agency to learn the ropes of a new platform. Then, I hire a more elite agency to learn how to maximize it–and I cannot recommend this strategy enough. If you are upfront about your intentions and the agency agrees, you get the best of both worlds. You get better short-term results because they (probably) know more than you. And, you get better