# Heading: Full_Text (Part 4)
I believed him. As the saying goes, when money meets experience... the money gets the experience, and the experience gets the money. Lesson learned. In three months, I went from a successful multi-location gym owner. To selling all my gyms. To a cool new launching gyms thing. To completely broke. Everything I made from selling my gyms was gone. My life savings was gone. Wiped out. All of it. Four years of work, saving, sleeping on the floor– erased in a…oh no… Leila. Leila quit her life as she knew it to do this with me. She weathered my constant changes. She supported me in the half-baked partnership even though she opposed it. Even with this huge failure, she never once even hinted, I told you so. Instead, she told me, “The Gym Launch model is still good. Let’s do more of those.” So we did. I put $3,300 per day on a credit card to pay for ads, airfare, hotels, rental cars, etc. for six sales reps. Leila’s friends. I say this lightly, but I covered what a nightmare it was in the first book. So I won’t repeat it here. In the first month, we launched six gyms and collected $100,117. We made enough to cover the $100,000 credit card bill. And for the record, that meant I was still broke. The next month we made $177,399 with $30,000-$40,000 in profit. It gave me some room to breathe. Finally. And that’s when Leila tapped me on the shoulder to share $150,000 worth of bad news. Now you’re caught up. The morning after Leila told me we had $150,000 in refunds and lost all our money. Again. A honking horn startled me at 3 AM. My problems flooded back. Welp. I’m awake now. I pulled myself out of bed and slinked to my work corner. I walked over out of habit more than desire. I slid the chair out and plopped down - notebook and pen at the ready. I had to make $150,000 in profit, not revenue, in thirty days. And I had to do it with no money to my name, and no experience making that much profit in a month. Ever. So I started scribbling ideas: … Charge an upfront fee for new gyms …Ask for a percentage of revenue from old gyms …Get gyms I already launched to pre-pay for a future launch …Call every old customer and sell them supplements over the phone I kept penciling the math. None of these would make enough money. Not in thirty days anyway. I felt glued to the chair. I have to figure this out. I stared at the notebook, hoping it knew something. It didn’t. God I suck. A few hours later, Leila woke up. Like clockwork, she walked into the kitchen and poured a cup of coffee. She got straight to work at the kitchen table behind me. “Whatcha doin’?” I asked, trying to distract myself. “Check-ins with online fitness clients.” she said. “What does that bring in again?” “$3600 last month.” “What do you charge?” “300 bucks a month. Why?” “How long does it take you?” “A few hours a week” “And there’s no overhead? just time?" “Yea…why?” I plowed on “I know these are old personal training clients, but do you think you could do it with strangers?” “I don’t know…probably…what’re you thinking?”. “I think I have something.” I said. “Wait, for what?” “To come up with the hundred and fifty grand.” “What, my online training? How?” She looked skeptical. “We just cut the middleman and sell direct. I think I can just run ads to a sales page that books phone appointments. Then we can sell the fitness programs we’ve been selling at the gyms, but sell it as an online program. We already have the materials. We already know the ads work. And there won’t be any cost to fulfill. Plus, no more flights. No rentals. No motels. And no gym owner telling them to refund...” She hesitated. “You think it could work?” “Honestly…no idea. But every day we don’t do something is one less day to come up with the money.” She thought hard. “Alright, let’s do it.” That was all I needed. I worked thirty-eight hours straight to make the offer go live. A few hours later, leads started flowing. She took her first call the next day. I walked in as the call finished: “$499...yea…and what card did you want to use?” she had the candor of a pro. A few minutes later, I asked with anticipation, “Was that a sale??” “Yep.” Dang, she is a pro. I even snapped a picture of Leila closing our first sale because it felt so momentous. Within days, we were doing $1000 per day in online fitness sales. We also got