# Heading: Full_Text (Part 69)
long-term results because you learn how to do it yourself or your team learns to do it for you. You also spend the maximum amount of time with their best reps. Remember, you only get a fraction of the agency’s attention, so results get worse whenever they get new clients. Meanwhile, your team gets better and better because they stay focused on you fulltime. So compare your team’s results to the agency’s until you beat them. Then, cancel the relationship and put the money into scaling everything you just learned. Action Step: When you find an agency to work with (next step) set terms with them and deadlines for yourself. Use the template above as your guide. And feel OK with negotiating a bit to make it work. How to Pick The Right Agency After working with tons of bad agencies, and a handful of good ones, I created a list of what all the good ones had in common. Now it isn’t the last word on what makes a good agency, but it is useful stuff that’s worked for me. Here’s what I look for: 1) Somebody I know got good results working with them. If you only know about an agency from their paid ads or cold outreach… they probably aren’t as good as the ones who rely solely on word of mouth (and the best ones do). 2) Prominent companies got good results working with them. I may not know the companies personally, but if I recognize them, it’s a good sign. 3) A waiting list. When demand for a service exceeds the supply, they are probably pretty good. 4) A clear sales process that makes a point to set realistic expectations. No funny business. 5) No short term hacks. They keep the talk on long term strategy. They also give clear timelines for setup, scaling, and results. 6) They tell me exactly what they need from me, when they need it, and how they use it. 7) They suggest a regular schedule of meetings and offer several ways to update me on their progress. 8) They give updates in simple terms and have clear ways to track so I know how costs compare with results. 9) They make a good offer: a. Dream outcome: is what they promise what I want? b. Perceived likelihood of achievement: how many other people like me have they gotten there? c. Time delay: how long will it take? d. Effort and sacrifice: what do they require me to do when working with them? What will I have to give up? Can I stick with those for a long time? 10) They are expensive. All good agencies are expensive… but not all expensive agencies are good. So talk with as many as it takes. And use this list as a guide to find the good ones. …if an agency checks those boxes, they’re worth considering. Action step: Even if an agency agrees to your terms, talk with a few more before you make a decision. Compare them using the checklist above, and then pick the best one for you. Conclusion Even though this isn’t the “traditional” agency model, both businesses benefit. They get a customer they otherwise wouldn't have. And we get a money-making skill for life. In the story at the beginning of the chapter - it cost me eight hours and $6000 to learn a skill that’s made me millions. Does that seem worth it to you? It better. And to make this agency method work at scale, you have to count on a good amount of time where you pay the agency and your team to do the same stuff. You’ve gotta give yourself some breathing room to get results from the agency, learn what they do, and train your team on it... all at once. Yes, it costs a lot of money. And yes, it’s totally worth it when you get it right. And get it right you can. After agencies put a low level employee on my account for the millionth time, it finally clicked. This can’t be that hard. At first, it took about a year to get my team better than an agency. As I got better, it went down to ten months, then eight. And now, I’ve got it down. I can get my team as good or better than the agency in less than six months or less. And every time I want to learn a new method or platform, I repeat the process. The better you get, the cheaper it becomes, and the more money you make. Funny, that sounds a lot like advertising. Next Steps: 1) Decide if using an agency makes sense for you right now. 2) Talk to a lot of agencies to get a feel for the