# Heading: Full_Text (Part 8)
current level will probably get you to the next one. Masters never don’t do the basics. So, we go from getting your first lead all the way to building a $100,000,000+ leads machine. Here’s the breakdown: Section I: You’re about to finish reading it right now. Section II: I reveal what makes advertising really work. Most entrepreneurs think about advertising the wrong way. Since they think about advertising the wrong way, they do the wrong stuff to get leads. You want to do the right stuff to get leads. This is the way. Section III: We learn advertising’s “core four.” There are only four ways to get leads. So if there is a most important “how to” section, it’s this one. Section IV: We learn how to get other people (customers, employees, agencies, and affiliates) to do it all for you. And this completes the assembly of your fully functioning $100M Leads machine. Section V: We wrap up with a one-page advertising plan you can use to get more leads today. Section II: Get Understanding Advertising. Simplified. In this section, we cover three things to make sure advertising does exactly what we want it to do. First, we talk about what a lead actually is. If we want more of them, then we better be darn well sure we’re talking about the same thing. Second, we learn how to separate leads that make you money from leads that waste your time. Third, I show you the best ways I know to get the leads that make you money to show interest in the stuff you sell. Let’s dive in. Leads Alone Aren’t Enough “If you cannot explain something in simple terms, then you don’t understand it.” - Dr. Richard Feynman, Nobel Prize Winner in Physics I’ll let you in on a little secret. This book started because somebody asked me what a lead was. You’d think it would be simple, but I couldn’t give a straight answer. And after six months of trying to figure it out, I was more confused than before. It became clear I didn't know as much about leads as I thought. My search for a clear definition of “a lead” snowballed into the massive project that became $100M Leads. All this to say, we’ve got to agree on what the heck a lead is before we dive head first into getting them... So what’s a lead anyways? Someone who clicks an ad? A phone number? A person that schedules a call? A list of names? A door you knock on? A walk-in? An email address? A subscriber? A person that sees your content? Etc… You see, words matter because they affect how we think. How we think affects what we do. And if words have us thinking the wrong way, then we will probably do the wrong stuff. I hate doing the wrong stuff. So to do the right stuff more and the wrong stuff less, it’s best we know what words mean and use them. To cut the suspense, a lead is a person you can contact. That’s all. If you bought a list of emails, those are leads. If you get contact information from a website or database, those are leads. The numbers in your phone are leads. People on the street are leads. If you can contact them, they are leads. But what I came to realize was - leads alone aren’t enough. We want engaged leads: people who *show* interest in the stuff you sell. If someone gives their contact information on a website, that is an engaged lead. If someone follows you on social media and you can contact them, that is an engaged lead. If people reply to your email campaign, they are engaged leads. The leads showing interest are the leads that matter. Engaged leads are the true output of advertising. Getting more engaged leads is the point of this book. But I couldn’t call the book “engaged leads” because no one would get it. But now you do. So the next question is: How do we get leads to engage? Engage Your Leads: Offers and Lead Magnets “I don’t do drugs. I am drugs” - Salvador Dali April 2016. I paid $25,000 to be in this group, and everyone told me to do a webinar. In fact, my mentor at the time told me, “Do a webinar every week until you make a million dollars. Until then, don’t ask me about anything else.” This is my only path to success. I’ve got to figure this out. A webinar, as I understood it, was a magical presentation with a zillion slides. If somebody watched, it would hypnotize them into buying my thing. There was so much I didn't know. Landing pages. Registration pages. Follow-up emails. Replay emails. Cart