# Heading: Full_Text (Part 49)
refunds). [Conditional] Service Guarantee What the Client Gets: You keep working for them free of charge until X is achieved. My Take: This is probably my personal favorite guarantee of all time. It essentially guarantees they will achieve their goal, but it eliminates the element of time. You are never at risk for losing the money. The guarantee is around the outcome. To add further flavor to it, you can make this guarantee conditional on them doing key actions linked with success: setting up a web page, attending calls, showing up to workouts, weighing in, reporting data, etc. Real Talk: Since I have been advising businesses to use this particular guarantee, I have yet to have a single person say a client took them up on it. Realistically, if someone actually does everything you asked them to do and doesn’t achieve the result by the time you had said, one of two things usually happens: 1. Seeing your client’s commitment, you happily keep working with them until they achieve the desired result 2. It gets dropped. Your client is likely very close to the goal, which means satisfied. Also, it’s likely the sales conversation with the guarantee was months earlier. What may have been important in the sales conversation is a distant memory now, replaced by their affection towards you/your business. [Conditional] Modified Service Guarantee What the Client Gets: You give them another Y-long period of service or access to your product/services free of charge. Generally, Y should give them at least twice the duration. My Take: This is like the service guarantee, but it ties a specific duration to your extended work/involvement. So instead of being on the hook “forever,” you’re only on the hook for an additional Y period of time. I’ve seen it work magically and keep the business on the hook for a more finite period of time which may be an easier place for you to start before doing the “all out” Service Guarantee above. [Conditional] Credit-based Guarantee What the Client Gets: You give them back what they paid but in a credit toward any service you offer. My Take: This is best used during an upsell process to seal the deal on a service they are unsure they will like. They already like what they have, you are trying to sell them more of that. Worst case, they can apply it to the thing they already like. So it maintains goodwill with the customer. [Conditional] Personal Service Guarantee What the Client Gets: You work with them one-on-one, free of charge, until they reach X objective or result. My Take: This is absolutely one of the strongest guarantees in existence. It’s like a service guarantee on crack. You will definitely want to add conditions, though: they must respond back in twenty-four hours, they must use the products you tell them to, they must XYZ. Only if they do that, will you keep working with them one-on-one. This is especially powerful as you scale and become more edified as a business owner. Can you imagine one of my sales people saying, “Alex will personally work with you until your offer converts”? Right. It would work. It would also be a nightmare. So I would probably put contingencies like, “Provided you've already spent $10,000 on your existing offer using our structure, the offer you ran was for lead generation, and it was a free offer. These are things that would make it unlikely they would not succeed. If for some reason they hadn’t with those stipulations in place, I could probably fix their problem in ten minutes just looking at it. [Conditional] Hotel + Airfare Perks Guarantee What the Client Gets: If you don't receive value, we will reimburse your product and your hotel + airfare. My Take: This is technically a “refund of ancillary costs” from our first example. I just love it a lot for workshops and inperson experiences. Normally the event would cost more than the hotel and airfare, so it's like adding an extra $1000 to a guarantee but way more tangible. It’s original enough that people like it. [Conditional] Wage-Payment Guarantee What the Client Gets: You offer to pay their hourly rate, whatever that may be, if they don’t find your call/session with them valuable. My Take: This is also an ancillary cost guarantee, just a very original one. If someone ever actually asks for the wage payment, just ask them for their tax return and divide it by 1,960 (number of working hours at 40hrs/wk for a year). But no one asking for a refund will actually do that, so you will never actually have to give one of these out. Like ever. [Conditional] Release of Service Guarantee What the Client Gets: You let them out of their contract free of