# Heading: Full_Text (Part 3)
pay my friends.” Their faces flashed through my mind, and the little hope I had drained from my chest. A month earlier, I got her friends to quit their jobs for this. Now I had to tell them I didn’t have the money to pay them. She continued. “We can’t sell our way out of this either. It’ll just create more refunds to deal with. And we’re out of money.” Her eyes met mine, looking for the answers she deserved. I had nothing. I felt sick. A year earlierI was good at getting leads for my gyms. I scaled to five locations in only three years. My claim to fame was opening my gyms up at full capacity on the first day. So, I opened as many as I could as fast as I could. My fast pace started getting attention. I got asked to speak at a conference about my advertising method. To me though, I didn’t think my process was special. I figured everyone was doing it. So, I walked through my presentation hoping I wasn’t boring the audience. They were silent. The moment I stepped off stage, a mob formed around me. They hurled questions at me left and right. I could barely keep up. They even followed me into the bathroom. I felt like a celebrity. It was wild. To this day, I’ve never been more bombarded in my life. Everyone wanted me to teach them how to do what I had just presented. They wanted my help. Me. But I had nothing to sell them. Although, over one hundred people left me their phone numbers and business cards in case I did. Then a wild idea came to me. I could make some money doing this… 3 months later–an idea turns into a business Since I used advertising to launch my gyms at full capacity I thought, maybe, I could “launch” other people’s gyms to full capacity, too. I called the company Gym Launch. Original, I know. My offer was simple. I’ll fill your gym in 30 days for free. You pay nothing. I pay for everything. I sell new members and keep the first 6 weeks of membership fees as payment. You get everything else. If I don’t fill your gym, I don’t make money. You spend nothing either way. It was an easy offer to sell. I’d fly out. Turn on my lead machine. Work the leads. Then sell the leads. Except, instead of selling them into my gym, I’d sell them into whatever gym I was camped at for the month. Every month I’d go to a new gym. Rinse and repeat. It worked. Word of this kid who’d fill your gym for free got around fast. Unless I hired help, referrals would’ve booked me out for more than two years straight. I couldn’t keep running my gyms and doing this, so I sold my gyms and went all in on Gym Launch. I saw a problem though. I filled their gyms, and they got to keep all the long-term profits. I left so much money on the table. But, if I were part owner of some of the gyms, I could stack revenue month over month. Bingo. Not much later, one of the gym owners made such an offer. We’d be fifty-fifty. I would fill the gym with members, and he would fill it with staff. With this new model, I could open up 1 to 2 gyms per month and own them all. This would work much better than only collecting the upfront cash. A win-win partnership. A slight hitch in the plan, though. My new partner had “poor financials.” So nice guy Alex offered to pay all the expenses and take on all the liability for the first launch. I personally guaranteed the lease and would spend my time and money to fill it with members. Once filled, I would hand the gym over to him. I put all the money from selling my gyms, including my life savings, into this "launch and go" model. It took everything I had. A few weeks later, halfway through the launch, I woke up to find all the money in the account gone. All of it. The partner accused me of stealing and took the money as “his share” of the profits. But, we hadn’t made any profit. Then, he sent the money to a foreign contact and filed for bankruptcy. That's what he told me anyway. When I offered to walk through the financials and account for every dollar, he refused. That’s when I knew I had made a terrible mistake. It turns out he had been indicted for fraud a few years earlier. And to make matters worse, I already knew. He told me it was “just a big misunderstanding.”