# Heading: Full_Text (Part 73)
LTGP:CAC ratio of 3:1 then three parts goes to the business– $120. And one part, $40, goes to the affiliate. This means we will pay up to $40 for an affiliate to get a new customer. But here’s where things get interesting. I used to give away the farm (the whole CAC). I suppose I still do, but I’ve gotten pickier about who I give it to. Not all affiliates are created equal. So, I suggest having a three-tier payout structure. Using the example above, with a $40 maximum allowable CAC, a three-tier payout structure might look something like this: ● Tier 1: 25% CAC = $10 Payout - Anyone who agrees to my initial terms qualifies. ○ Example: They sign up and buy products or a certification. ● Tier 2: 50% CAC = $20 Payout - Once they activate. ○ Example: actually finishing the certification they bought, doing a specific number of posts and outreach, doing a launch, etc. ○ This gives them a nice reward (twice the pay) for activating. ● Tier 3: 100% CAC = $40 Payout - Once they sustain a level of performance. ○ Example: They maintain five customers per month on subscription. This tiered method also has a hidden and very profitable side effect. The average payout is much less than your maximum allowable CAC. This means if we leave the maximum payouts for top affiliates, then we get to keep the “leftover” profit. We can use the leftover money to run huge contests, advertise to get more affiliates, incentivize rising stars, etc. Or, I suppose, we can just plain pocket it. For example, if 20% of sales come from tier 1, 20% from tier 2, and 60% from tier 3, your blended payout is $30 instead of your maximum allowable CAC of $40. This means your LTGP : CAC ratio just improved from 3:1 to 4:1. And often, cutting marketing costs by 33% can translate into 10% to 20% more net profit at the end of the year. A massive jump. Action step: Figure out what you want to pay your affiliates for so that you can plan out how much to pay them, with what, and how often. Step 5: Get Them Advertising – Launch Like referrers, how much value affiliates get from you determines how much they advertise your stuff. So, treat them like customers. Give them something good, fast. And nothing does that for affiliates like big launches and lots of cash. Here’s how launches work: Affiliates advertise your lead magnet or core offer to their audience before they can buy it. They post. They do warm outreach. They run paid ads. They may even do cold outreach. They do as much advertising as they can until the day of launch. When the product is available, they sell it to all the engaged leads they assembled. Some sell one-on-one, some pitch to the whole group. And others simply make the product available. So if you’re gonna do launches to activate your affiliates, which you should, you may as well do them right. I use the whispertease-shout method. I can’t remember where I first heard this, but the name stuck. Let’s launch. Before we get launching, remember: good launches have the work done ahead of time. So do all the work for them. Then, they can plug and play. Let’s break down each launch phase. And, I’ll give an example of my book launch to drive each point home. Note: this is how you launch anything, not just affiliates. I put it in the affiliates section because I haven’t found a better way to activate affiliates than launches. Whisper: Think “Call Outs.” Like an ad, the key to the whisper phase is curiosity. Keep the product itself mysterious and hint at how big of a deal it is. Keep whispers short. And bonus points if you show behind the scenes of making your product. If you have something in the works, you can start the whisper phase a few years out. The further out you start whispering, the bigger deal it becomes to your audience. We start this early because, the longer something appears to take, the more an audience will value it. For example, all other things being equal, an audience will value a product that took ten years to make more than one that took ten days. So - show your work. Remember: curiosity comes from wanting to know what happens next. So embed questions about the product in their minds. We need to tell them about something they want to know more about, then say…not yet. For example during the whisper phase of my book launch: I posted content, reached out to friends, emailed my list, and told potential affiliates about major updates to the book. I showed