# Heading: Full_Text (Part 41)
high. Then, tell people. You will make more money than you thought possible. These also tend to be some of the best clients. And limit your delivery to something that you don’t hate. For me, I hate emails and messages but dont mind zoom calls. Make it work for your working style. The cream of the crop (the 1% of 1% will adjust and take action). Pro Tip - Once You’re Out, You Can Never Come Back You can create scarcity by also capping your service level and saying that if they leave than can never return. This type of scarcity makes people think extra hard about leaving. I started doing this with my gyms early on. Then I was in a mastermind that employed this. Then I started using it in my higher level of Gym Lords. This works best with small groups (like the above example). As groups become much bigger, the tactic loses some teeth (speaking from experience). 13 ENHANCING THE OFFER: URGENCY “Deadlines. Drive. Decisions.” ME S carcity is a function of quantity. Urgency is a function of time. This is where you only limit when people can sign up, rather than how many. Having a defined deadline or cut off for a purchase or action to occur creates urgency. Frequently, scarcity and urgency are used together, but I will separate them out for you to illustrate the concepts. I’m going to show you my four favorite ways of using urgency on a consistent basis, ethically: 1) Rolling Cohorts, 2) Rolling Seasonal Urgency, and 3) Promotional or Pricing Urgency 4) Exploding Opportunity. They will employ urgency in your business without being phony. My favorite way of doing this is having cohorts of clients start on a regular cadence. This has the added operational benefit of helping you create a choreographed onboarding experience for new clients. As you scale, this will become increasingly important. 1) Cohort-Based Rolling Urgency For example, if you start clients every week (even in unlimited amounts), you can say: “If you sign up today, I can get you in with our next group that kicks off on Monday, otherwise you’ll have to wait until our next kickoff date.” If you wanted to juice it up a little bit, you could say: “I actually had a client who signed up a few weeks ago drop out, so I have an opening for our next cohort that kicks off on Monday. If you are pretty sure you’re gonna do this sooner or later, might as well get in on it now so you can start reaping the rewards sooner rather than paying the same and waiting.” Those two tweaks above have pushed so many sales over the edge by just reminding a potential customer that if they sign up, they will be starting on Monday, and if they do not, they will have to wait a week. It’s small things like this that nudge people to take the action they know they should take anyways. Obviously the less frequently you kick off new customers, the more powerful this is. For example, if you only start clients two times a year, people will be very inclined to sign up, especially as the date approaches. Even starting new clients every other week can confer this urgency nudge. What if I lose sales by turning business away? Just like guarantees, there is always a fear that you will make less money by employing this strategy. We are afraid that we will lose sales we would have otherwise made. Every experienced marketer on the planet will tell you - it is a fear, and it is unfounded. The biggest sales on a week long campaign or launch happen in the last 4 hours of the last day (up to 50-60%). That means that the last 3% of the time allotted creates 50-60% of the sales...that’s completely illogical, but also unmistakably human. So, just like a guarantee, you will make more money from the many people who decided to take action than people who actually missed out because in reality, those people were never going to buy (heck, they didn't even buy when they had their fee to the fire, so why would they without?) Good to remember. What to do if you just started a cohort and someone wants to buy…. You have two options: 1) you can offer them a speedy personalized onboarding to get them up to speed as a “bonus” for signing up today and still get them in. Or, my preference, 2) You can explain to them that since the next group starts in a little, they will have the advantage of having more time to review the materials, talk to their employees (for b2b products) or family members ( for b2c products). On top