# Heading: Full_Text (Part 84)
few times and hits red each time. He sees you roll a green and complains that you must have a die with fewer sides. He reasons, it’s the only way you could have rolled green before him. And although you did, you also rolled many more times. So which is it? In either case, he rolls a few more times in frustration and hits a green. But then he complains about how long it took. He’s spent more time watching you and complaining than actually playing. Meanwhile, you’ve hit your green streak. It’s so much easier for you, he tells himself. You get greens every time! This game is rigged, so what’s the point? He quits. *** So who got the die with 20 sides? Who got the die with 200 sides? If you get the game then you see, once you roll enough times, the die you’re given doesn’t matter. Die with fewer sides might roll green sooner. Die with more sides might roll green later. But, a die with a green side always has a chance of rolling green… if you roll it. Every die hits its green streak when rolled enough times. All of us get a many-sided die. And looking at the other players, you have no idea if it’s their 100th roll or their 100,000th. You don't know how “good” other players are when they start, you can only see how well they do now. But, if you understand the game, you also know it doesn’t matter. A few begin playing early. Others begin much later. The rest sit on the sidelines complaining about how lucky the players are. I guess so, but they’re luckier because they play. And when they hit red, which they do, they didn’t quit. They rolled again. Learning to advertise is a lot like the game of the many sided die. You do not know if it will work until you try. And when you start advertising, you will probably hit red on your first rolls. But if you try enough times you will hit green. And when it works, you have a better chance of getting it to work again. The more you do it, the easier it gets. You begin to understand the game. No matter how many players there are or the number of sides on the die you’re given, you start to see the only two guarantees: 1) The more times you roll, the better you get. 2) If you quit, you lose So here’s my final promise: You cannot lose if you do not quit. Free Goodies: Calls To Action If it’s free, it’s for me! I’m gonna give you a bunch of free stuff in a second - so stay tuned. Dr. Kashey (my editor) and I spent over 3,500 hours on this book. We wrote 650+ pages and 19 drafts with varying frames, themes, and points of focus. But ultimately, the changes left only the most distilled ‘need to knows’ inside. We went through 127 pages of hand drawn models to carve out the few that made it into the book. All that to say - I hope this work results in you growing the business of your dreams. When I look back on my life these books will be among the things I am most proud of. I wouldn’t be able to write as fervently if I didn’t think people would read it. And as much as I strive to be the man who would work as hard if nobody cared, I am not there yet. Your support and positivity make a difference for me. So thank you from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to do the work I find meaningful. I am forever grateful. If you are new to #mozination, welcome. We believe in big ambitions, and matching our ambitions with giving and patience. And I have a personal goal in that spirit of giving: to die with nothing left to give. So if you’re still with me, thank you. I want to provide some more goodies. 1) If you’re struggling to figure out who to sell to, I released a chapter called “Your First Avatar” between this book and the last. Think of it like a ‘single’ from a music album. You can get it for free at Acquisition.com/avatar. Just pop in your email and we’ll send it over. 2) If you’re struggling to figure out what to sell, you can go to Amazon or wherever you buy books and search “Alex Hormozi” and $100M Offers. It should get you on the right path. The digital version is available for sale at the cheapest price that the platform would let me make it and still list it as a book. 3) If you’re struggling with getting people