# Heading: Full_Text (Part 24)
He explained how his wife, Collette, at first hearing about this status concept, rejected it. She claimed she wasn’t driven by status and would never want to drive a Lamborghini. Instead, she favored her minivan. But, after talking further, she revealed it was because driving a Lamborghini would decrease her status amongst her mom friends, while driving a minivan would show she was a good mother (increase in status). So it’s not about the money, it's about the status (the perceived increase or decrease in relative standing when compared to others socially or professionally). Talk in terms of things your prospect believes will increase their status, and you will have your prospects drooling. Pro Tip: Frame benefits in terms of status gained from the viewpoint of others When writing copy, you can make it that much more powerful by talking about how other people will perceive the prospect’s achievement. Connect the dots for them. Example: If you buy this golf club, your drive will increase by 40 yards. Your golf buddies' jaws will drop when they see your ball soar 40 yards past theirs . . . they’ll ask you what’s changed . . . only you will know. That being said, when comparing two products or services that satisfy the same desire, the value from the dream outcomes will cancel out (since they are the same). It will be the other three variables that drive the difference in perceived value, and ultimately price. For example, if we have two products or services that both help make someone beautiful, it will be the likelihood of achievement, time delay, and effort required that will differentiate the perceived value of each offer. Simply put: if two things make someone beautiful, what makes one worth $50,000 and another $5? Answer: The extent of the other three value variables. #2 Perceived Likelihood of Achievement (Goal = Increase) This was the last of the variables I added when trying to think through this framework a few years ago. I just felt like something was missing with only the other three. Then I realized people pay for certainty. They value certainty. I call this “the perceived likelihood of achievement.” In other words, “How likely do I believe it is that I will achieve the result I am looking for if I make this purchase?” For example, how much would you pay to be a plastic surgeon’s 10,000th patient versus their first? If you're a normal, sane person, a lot more. I mean heck, you might even ask them to pay you if you are their first patient ever. So you can see even from this simple example that while the service you are receiving is technically the same, the only thing that changes is your perceived likelihood of getting what you want. Both surgeons take the same amount of time to do the surgery (if anything, the guy who has done it 10,000 times would likely get it done faster and still charge more). The more-experienced surgeon has a track record of achieving a result, which incentivizes their desirability. People value this perceived likelihood of achievement. Increasing a prospect’s conviction that your offer will “actually” work for them, will make your offer that much more valuable even though the work remains the same on your end. So to increase value with all offers, we must communicate perceived likelihood of achievement through our messaging, proof, what we choose to include or exclude in our offer, and our guarantees (more on these later). #3 Time Delay (Goal = Decrease) Time delay is the time between a client buying and receiving the promised benefit. The shorter the distance between when they purchase and they receive value/the outcome, the more valuable your services or product is. There are two elements to this driver of value: Long-term outcome and short-term experience. Many times, there are shortterm experiences that occur while en route to the long-term outcomes. They happen “along the way” and provide value. It’s good to understand both. The thing people buy is the long-term value, aka their “dream outcome.” But the thing that makes them stay long enough to get it is the short-term experience. These are little milestones a prospect sees along the way that shows them they are on the right path. We try and tie as many of these as possible into any service we offer. We want clients to have a big emotional win early (as close as possible to their purchase). This gives them the emotional buy in and the momentum to “see it through” to their ultimate goal. For example, it takes a while to add an extra $239,000 per year to a gym. But that’s what they’re buying. So, once they have purchased, we need to create emotional wins fast. One way