# Heading: Full_Text (Part 42)
into a group. These include features, traits, titles, places, and other descriptors. Ex: *Clark County Moms* *Gym Owners* *Remote Workers* *I’m looking for XYZ* etc. To be most effective, your ideal customers need to identify with the label. a) People automatically identify with their local area. So with local ads, the more local, the better. A local ad with “LOCAL AREA + TYPE OF PERSON” callout is still one of my alltime favorite ways to get someone’s attention. It worked two hundred years ago, it works today, and it’ll work tomorrow. So think: Americans < Texans < Dallas Residents < Irving Residents. If you live in Irving, you’ll immediately think this ad could affect you. So, it catches your attention. 2) Yes-Questions: Questions where if people answer “yes, that’s me” they qualify themselves for the offer. Ex: *Do you wake up to pee more than once a night?* *Do you have trouble tying your shoes?* *Do you have a home worth over $400,000?* 3) If-Then Statements: If they meet your conditions then you help them make a decision. *If you run over $100,000 per month in ads, we can save you 20% or more... *If you were born between 1978 and 1986 in Muskogee Oklahoma, you may qualify for a class action lawsuit…*If you want to XYZ, then pay attention…* 4) Ridiculous Results: Bizarre, rare, or out of the ordinary stuff someone would want. *Massage studio books out two years in advance. Clients furious.* *This woman lost 50 pounds eating pizza and fired her trainer* *The government is handing out thousand dollar checks to anyone who can answer three questions* Etc. Callouts don’t have to be just words. They can also be noises or visuals in the environment. Let’s go back to the cocktail party. Sure, a dropped tray of dishes would get everyone’s attention, but so would the cling*cling*cling* of a knife against a champagne flute. They both get everyone’s attention for different reasons–one signals an embarrassing disaster and the other signals important news… but, in either case, everyone still wants to know what happens next. So if the platform allows, good advertisers use verbal and nonverbal callouts together. Here’s what I look for with nonverbal callouts- using the setting and spokesperson to get attention: 1) Contrast: Any stuff that “sticks out” in the first few seconds. The colors. The sounds. The movements etc. Note what catches your attention. Ex: a) A bright shirt almost always gets more attention than a black or dull shirt. b) Attractive people almost always get more attention than plain looking people. c) Moving stuff almost always gets more attention than still stuff. 2) Likeness: Think visually showing labels–features, traits, titles, places, and other descriptors that people identify with. a) People want to work with people who look, talk, and act in ways familiar to them (and you may not look, talk, or act in ways familiar to them). So if you serve a broad customer base use more ethnicities, ages, genders, personalities etc. in your ads. If you serve a narrow customer base (ex: medical devices for seniors), then use people who look like them. i) Quack like a duck. If you want to attract ducks, look like a duck, walk like a duck, and quack like a duck. If you want to attract plumbers, dress like a plumber, talk like a plumber, be in a plumbing environment. Even with the same message, your ad will do far better if you look the part (or find people who do). ii) If you see an ad for doctors, notice the spokesperson. What age are they? Gender? Ethnicity? Are they wearing a lab coat? A stethoscope? Are they in a medical facility? All these things get a specific type of person interested in health related products and services to pay more attention than they would have otherwise. iii) Mascots also work well because they don’t age, never ask for more money, and never take days off. Think Micky Mouse for Disney. The Geico Gecko. Tony the Tiger for Kellogg’s. The Michelin Man. etc. A mascot is a great way to create an enduring spokesperson for your business. iv) Advanced: Whichever likenesses you choose to use, if it’s not you, the business becomes less dependent on you and therefore more sellable. You also may just be an ugly son of a gun. Plus, pretty people convert better anyways. Good news is, it doesn’t cost much to get a pretty person to say stuff to a camera. 3) The Scene: Think showing the Yes-Questions and If-Then statements. Ex: An ad with… a) A person tossing and turning in bed calls out people with sleep troubles. b) A pear next to an hourglass can call out people with a pear shaped body. c) A room full of stuff