# Heading: Full_Text (Part 50)
charge. My Take: This voids a commitment or cancellation fee. If you have a business that has enforceable commitments, contracts or clauses, this can be a powerful guarantee. Better yet, if you are in a business that does not enforce your contracts, then you have nothing to lose by adding the guarantee. [Conditional] Delayed Second Payment Guarantee What the Client Gets: You won’t bill them again until after they make or get their first outcome. Ex: Lose your first five pounds . . . make your first sale . . . get your website live, etc. My Take: I like this a lot, especially if you have a very systematized process for getting the first result. It gets the prospect thinking in fast action terms and gets them moving. It will also focus your team on activating your client. This is a great one when you know what metric or action drives activation (predicting indicator of long term retention) of a client. I’ve successfully used this guarantee loads of times. [Conditional] First Outcome Guarantee What the Client Gets: You continue to pay their ancillary costs (ad spend, hotel, etc) until they reach their first outcome. Example: If you don’t make your first sale in 14 days, we will pay for your ad spend until you do. My Take: Just like the delayed second payment, just centered around a different cost. I personally like this setup a lot. It keeps everyone focused on getting that first dollar over the bridge. Once that one comes across, the second comes soon after. [Anti-Guarantee] All Sales Are Final What the Client Gets: Access to super exclusive very valuable service/product. Likely, this is a very powerful thing that once seen cannot be unseen, or once used cannot be taken away. Example: a line of code to improve your checkout experience on a website. Once someone received this code, they could try and use it without paying you. Or a series of opening messages for picking up girls, or opening sentences for messaging cold prospects. Things that are very valuable but incredibly easy to steal after they’ve been seen/understood. My Take: This can enhance the persuasiveness of the sale and the value of the product or service. It essentially implies that the client is going to use it and see an immense benefit thereby exposing the business to vulnerability. It acts as a damaging admission. We have an “all sales are final” policy, but that is because our product is so exclusive and so powerful that once used it cannot be unused.” Since it is so standard to have some sort of guarantee, not having one is attention-worthy. So instead of being wishy-washy, lean into the fact this thing works so well, and is so easy to copy, you must make all sales final. They’ll believe you even more if you take this position. “We are going to show you our proprietary process that we are using right now to generate leads in our business. Our funnels, ads, and metrics. We’re going to be exposing the inner workings of our business, as a result, all sales are final.” Note: strong reason why is needed here. Just make one up that sounds compelling. The more you can show real exposure, the more effective this will be. Anti-guarantees can also work very well with high ticket products and services that require a lot of work or customization. “If you're the type of customer who needs a guarantee before taking a jump, then you are not the type of person we want to work with. We want motivated self-starters who can follow instructions and are not looking for a way out before they even begin. If you are not serious, don’t buy it. But if you are, boy are you going to make a killing. ” From these examples, you should get the idea. Implied Guarantees: Performance Models, Revshares, and Profit-Sharing Performance: A) ...Only pay me $XXX per sale/ $XXX per show B) $XX per Lb Lost Revshare: A) 10% of top line revenue B) 20% profit share C) 25% of revenue growth from baseline Profit-Share: A) X% of profit B) X% of Gross Profit Ratchets: 10% if over X, 20% if over Y, 30% if over Z Bonuses/Triggers: I get X when Y occurs. What The Client Gets: If you do not perform, they do not have to pay. If you perform, your compensation has been determined based on an agreement decided upon before you begin working. My Take: Performance, Revshare, and Profit-shares aren’t guarantees “per se”, but for all intents and purposes, they are. There is an implied guarantee whenever you enter into a revshare or performance partnership: if you dont make money, you don't have to pay me. In my opinion, this is one of, if