# Heading: Full_Text (Part 22)
now is far better than what it did before. Cracking value opens up the world of unlimited profit, impact and possibilities. Those who understand value are the ones who will be able to charge the most money for their services. The good news is that there is a repeatable formula that I have created (I’ve never seen it displayed elsewhere) to help quantify the variables that create value for any offer. I call it The Value Equation. Once you see it, you can never unsee it. It will operate in your subconscious, running in the background, calling out to you. It’s a new lens through which to see the world. The Value Equation FREE GIFT #4: Value Equation Bonus Tutorial & Free Download(s): If you want to know how I break down a businesses core offering into something more valuable go to acquisition.com/offers and select the “Value Equation” video to watch a short tutorial. I also included a downloadable checklist. My goal is to gain your trust and deliver value in advance. As such, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. As you can see from the picture, there are four primary drivers of value. Two of the drivers (on top), you will seek to increase. The other two (on the bottom), you will seek to decrease. 1. (Yay) The Dream Outcome (Goal: Increase) 2. (Yay) Perceived Likelihood of Achievement (Goal: Increase) 3. (Boo) Perceived Time Delay Between Start and Achievement (Goal: Decrease) 4. (Boo) Perceived Effort & Sacrifice (Goal: Decrease) If you noticed the questions in the last section that my father asked me, you’ll see they corresponded with these pillars: What will I make? (Dream Outcome) How will I know it's going to happen? (Perceived Likelihood of Achievement) How long will it take? (Time Delay) What is expected of me? (Effort & Sacrifice) Get The Bottom To Zero In the beginning of my career, I focused all my attention on dream outcomes and the perception of achievement (social proof, third-party edification, etc). In other words, the top side of the equation. That’s where beginner marketers make bigger and bigger claims. It’s easy, and it’s lazy. But as time has gone on, I have realized that these larger-than-life claims are the easiest to establish (and therefore less unique). After all, anyone can make a promise. The harder, and more competitive, are the Time Delay and Effort & Sacrifice. The best companies in the world focus all their attention on the bottom side of the equation. Making things immediate, seamless, and effortless. Apple made the iPhone effortless compared to other phones at the time. Amazon made purchasing a single click of a button and made purchases arrive almost immediately (maybe by the time you read this, they’ll be sending drones to our doors within 60 minutes). Netflix made consuming television immediate and effortless. So, the older I get, the more I have shifted my focus to “the hard stuff” — decreasing the bottom side of the equation. And I believe the better you do this, the more you will be rewarded by the marketplace. Final note: The reason this is a division equation and not an addition (“+”) is that I wanted to convey one key point. If you can make the bottom part of the equation equal to zero, you’re golden. No matter how small the top side is, anything divided by zero equals infinity (which is technically undefined for the math nerds). In other words, if you can reduce your prospects' true time delay to receiving value to zero (aka you realize your immediate dream outcome), and your effort and sacrifice is zero, you have an infinitely valuable product. If you accomplish this, you win the game. Given this postulate, a prospect would (in theory) purchase something from you, and the moment their credit card was run, it would immediately become their reality. That is infinite value. Imagine clicking the purchase button on a weight loss product and instantly seeing your stomach turn into a six-pack. Or imagine hiring a marketing firm, and as soon as you sign your document, your phone begins ringing with new highly qualified prospects. How valuable would these products/services be? Infinitely valuable. And that’s the point. I don't know if we entrepreneurs will ever get there, but that is the hypothetical limit we all should strive towards, and why I structured the equation this way. Perception is Reality Perception is reality. It’s not about how much you increase your prospect’s likelihood of success, or decrease the time delay to achievement, or decrease their effort and sacrifice. That in itself is not valuable. Many times, they will have no idea. The Grand Slam Offer only becomes valuable once the prospect perceives the increase in likelihood of achievement, perceives the decrease in time delay, and perceives the decrease