# Heading: Full_Text (Part 44)
bought our darn solution! ○ Opposite - Ease: To get things we want - we know we have to change something. But we then assume we have to do stuff we hate and give up stuff we love. And ease comes from a lack of needed work or skill. A good ad disproves the assumption. It tells and shows how you can avoid the stuff you hate doing, do more of the stuff you love doing, without working hard, or having a lot of skill and still get the dream outcome. Those are the 8 key elements. Now we fully understand The What – how we deliver the four value elements, and how we avoid their four opposites. We now go to the next W - The Who. Who: Humans are primarily status driven. And the status of one human comes from how the other humans treat them. So if your product or service changes how other people treat your customer, which it does in some way, it pays to show how. And talking about the value elements from someone else’s perspective shows all the ways it'll improve the status of your customer. So we want to outline two groups of people. The first group is the people gaining status, your customers. The second group is the people giving it to them: Spouse, Kids, Parents, Extended Family, Colleagues, Bosses, Friends, Rivals, Competitors, etc. All of these perspectives give us different opportunities to show how the prospect’s status may improve. And - they give us a ton of bonus benefits. As in, if you lose weight, do your kids have a new role model? Does your spouse now decide to get healthy too? Are you more likely to get promoted at work? Science says - yes. Does your frenemy no longer make those little jabs at dinner? Let’s do business examples. If I said something was risk free, I want to spell out how their spouse won’t nag them about the purchase since there’s no risk. I’d talk about how their kids would notice they weren’t as stressed or distracted anymore about work. How their competitors notice their phones don’t ring as much because all their customers are flowing to your new customer. How their business owner buddies say “business must be good” when they pull up in their new car at the golf range. You get the idea. These are all added benefits to the prospect we’d miss out on if we only looked at it from their own perspective. And, we can apply each new who perspective to each value driver. This is how you get so many different stories, examples, angles, etc., to describe the benefits (more carrot and less stick). That leads me to the third lens of the What-Who-When framework - The When. When: People often only think of how their decisions affect the here and now. But if we want to be extra compelling (and we do), we should also explain what their decisions led to in the past and what their decisions could lead to in the future. We do this by getting them to visualize through their own timeline (past–present– future). This way, we help them to see the consequences of their decision (or indecision) right now. Let’s use the weight loss example from earlier from their perspective. We’d show them getting teased as a kid (past) struggling to button their favorite pair of jeans (present) or moving up yet another belt loop (future). What does that nightmare look like to their spouse? To their rivals? How embarrassing! Remember, we can also run the same timeline through someone else’s perspective. Their kid asking why other kids make fun of them (because they passed on bad food habits) (past), or how their kids complain now that the other kids’ dads participate at practice when they don’t (present), or how their doctor said they might not walk their daughter down the aisle at her wedding (future). Note: this is all the bad stuff they want to avoid. Our next copy elements would contrast those with the good stuff that could happen (present and future) if they buy our thing. We use both towards good stuff and away from bad stuff then combine it with the past, present, and future of the prospect’s life to create powerful motivators in our copy. Putting the What, the Who, and the When together, we answer WHY they should be interested. If I continued on with the weight loss thing, I might talk about how: Their spouse (WHO) will perceive how fast (WHAT) they fit into ‘that suit your wife loves that didn’t fit but does now’ in the future (WHEN). Or, how their kids (WHO) month after month (WHEN) got more interested in eating healthy and tagging along during