# Heading: Full_Text (Part 18)
wrong or illegal. They literally “can’t even.” Why? Because they think to themselves . . . they can't be that much smarter than me or work that much harder than me, so how is it possible for them to make 1,000 times more than me? Enough money that it would take me literally ten lifetimes to make what they make in a year. In the three years leading up to me writing this book, I took home over $1,200,000/mo in profit. Every. Single. Month. That’s more than the compensation for the CEOs of Ford, McDonalds, Motorola, & Yahoo . . . combined . . . every year . . . as a kid in his twenties. It angers those who believe life isn't fair. It confuses others who cannot comprehend and believe there must have been a mistake. And it inspires a select few, who are bound for greatness. I hope that you are in the last category, because that is who I am writing this for. You can do this. You just need to learn how. And I'm gonna show you. Price to Value Discrepancy “I hope what you’re giving them is worth it.” Those words would probably sting for most, but when my dad said them to me, I just knew he didn’t understand the value we were providing. What I want to show you is how to create and communicate value, aka the “worth-it-ness” of an offer. In order to understand how to make a compelling offer, you must understand value. The reason people buy anything is to get a deal. They believe what they are getting (VALUE) is worth more than what they are giving in exchange for it (PRICE). The moment the value they receive dips below what they are paying, they stop buying from you. This price to value discrepancy is what you need to avoid at all costs. After all, as Warren Buffet said, “Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.” The simplest way to increase the gap between price to value is by lowering the price. It’s also, most of the time, the wrong decision for the business. Getting people to buy is NOT the objective of a business. Making money is. And lowering price is a one-way road to destruction for most — you can only go down to $0, but you can go infinitely high in the other direction. So, unless you have a revolutionary way of decreasing your costs to 1/10th compared to your competition, don't compete on price. As Dan Kennedy said, “There is no strategic benefit to being the second cheapest in the marketplace, but there is for being the most expensive.” So the goal of our Grand Slam Offer will be to get more people to say yes at a higher price by increasing our value to price discrepancy. In other words, we will raise our price only after we have sufficiently increased our value. This way, they still get a great deal (think buying $100,000 of value for $10,000). It’s ‘money at a discount.’ FREE GIFT #3: BONUS TUTORIAL & FREE DOWNLOADS: Charge What It’s Worth If you want to know how I create value discrepancies for B2B or B2C products, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers course then watch “Charge What It’s Worth” for a short video tutorial. My goal is to gain your trust and deliver value in advance. As such, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. Why You Should Charge So Much It Hurts Most business owners are not competing on price or value. In fact, they’re not actually competing on anything at all. Their pricing process typically goes something like this: 1. Look at marketplace 2. See what everyone else offers 3. Take the average 4. Go slightly below to remain “competitive” 5. Provide what their competitors offers with a “little more” 6. End up at a value proposition of “more for less” And the big secret: those competitors they are copying are dead broke. So why on earth copy them? Pricing where the market is means you’re pricing for market efficiency. Over time, in an efficient marketplace, more competitors enter offering “a little more for a little less,” until eventually no one can provide any more for any less. At this point, a market reaches perfect efficiency, and the business owners participating make just enough at the end of the month to keep going. The bottom 10-20 percent of operators get washed out or lose the will to fight. Then fresh business owners enter with no idea and repeat the process of their forefathers. And around and around they go. In plain words, pricing this way means you are providing a service at just above what it costs for you to stay above water. We are not trying to stay barely above