# Heading: Full_Text (Part 66)
Focus On To Maximize Returns Like we learned in Run Paid Ads Part II–if your cost to get a customer is within 3x industry average then you’re doing good enough. From there, you focus on bumping up your LTGP. If your CAC is more than 3x industry average then you have a sales problem or an advertising problem. We diagnose this with a single question: Do my engaged leads have the problem I solve and the money to spend? If no, then they’re not qualified–that’s an advertising problem. If yes, then they’re qualified and: They’re buying but you don’t have enough of them–advertising problem. They’re qualified but not buying–sales problem. Don’t fire your sales guy if you’ve got advertising problems. And equally, don’t fire your advertising employees if you’ve got a sales problem. That little question can help you identify which employees to focus on. But fundamentally, you just need to figure out all your costs of getting a customer put together. And as long as they’re at least onethird of the profit you make over the lifetime, you’re in good shape. Conclusion The goal of this chapter was to shift your perspective. It's your job to advertise and sell the vision of your company. You advertise it publicly and privately to employees and customers alike. That’s the job. And once you get good at it, you become unstoppable. I say this because I believe anyone can be taught to do "ground level" jobs for any business– advertising or otherwise. So who you pick is not as important as how you train the ones you do. Like I've said throughout the book and will say again here–it doesn't take a genius to advertise. I'd even say it hurts. We’ve got plenty more iron-wills than brainiacs anyways. Remember, this isn’t about brains, it's about guts. And although some people might be born geniuses, nobody is born with an iron will (after all, we all come out crybabies). All this to say having guts is a skill. And that means anyone can have the guts if they learn how. So if you have an iron-will, and as an entrepreneur you probably do, it won’t take long for you to figure out that you got it from your life experiences. You can pass those experiences on as lessons to anyone who cares enough to listen. Then, they can stand on your shoulders and have a better chance at succeeding in life. And - you can’t really know anything anyway until you train them well and give them a fighting chance to succeed out in the field. Plus, for low level jobs, you'll never have a shortage of labor. Get picky when you have to make massive investments in hyperspecific-multiple-six-figure-C-suite employees. Aka - ‘fancy employees.’ I find at this current stage, it's actually a better use of time, to hire and train anyone willing. Then, when you find winners, and with this method you will: treat them well, don’t burn them out, and give them what they deserve. In the land of overflowing leads, you’ll need allies. Employees are among the most powerful of these allies. We talked about: how they make you wealthy, how they work, how getting them works, how to get them, how to get them getting you leads, how to keep them getting you leads, and how to know you’re doing a good job. And once you’ve built a system for getting people who get you leads (doing the core four on your behalf), you just need to do more. The Next Lead Getter… The next stop on our advertising journey leads us to agencies. Yes, you can pay people to shortcut your path. I have paid zillions of dollars to agencies and I believe I’ve finally *cracked* the code on how to create a win for all parties. For us, so we’re not dependent on them forever. For them, so they can make more profit and provide more value to their customers. They’ve been key to many breakthroughs I’ve had, so you won’t want to skip this next one… #3 Agencies “Everything is for sale” Summer 2016. I wasn’t a tech guy. I was a fitness guy who had learned a few marketing and sales tricks building my gyms. But now I had five, and was launching my sixth. It was time to level up. Facebook had just released some new features: retargeting, interest groups, pixels, etc. And I didn’t understand any of it. I bought a few courses but ended up more confused than when I started. I asked a few friends if they knew anyone who could help. I got two referrals. Both were agencies. I was scared. I had never used one before. I had only ever heard horror stories about advertising agencies. Mostly that they