# Heading: Full_Text (Part 13)
it easy for them to consume People prefer to do things that take less effort. So if we want more people to take us up on our lead magnet, and consume it, we gotta make it easy. You can see 2x, 3x, and even 4x+ increases in take rates and consumption simply by making it easier to consume. 1) Software: You want to make it accessible on their phones, on a computer and in multiple different formats. This way, they’ll pick the one easiest for them. 2) Information: People like to consume things in different ways. Some people like watching, other people like reading, others like listening, etc. Make your solution in as many different formats as you can: images, video, text, audio, etc. Offer them all. That’s why this book comes in every format people consume. 3) Services: Be available at more times in more ways. More times of day. More days of the week. Via video call, phone call, in person, etc. The easier you are to get a hold of, the more likely people will become engaged leads to claim the free value. 4) Physical products: Make it super simple to order and fast to get to them. Make the product itself fast and easy to open. Give simple directions on how to use the product. Example: Apple made its products so well they didn’t even need directions. And the packaging is so good, most people keep the boxes. Action Step: Package your lead magnet in every way you can. It dramatically increases how many engaged leads come your way. And more leads engaging with your lead magnet means more leads getting value from it. This is huge. Fun fact: My book $100M Offers has a near perfect ¼, ¼, ¼, ¼ split between ebooks, physical books, audiobooks, and videos (free on Acquisition.com). Making the book available in multiple formats is the easiest way I know to get 2-3-4x the amount of leads for the same work. If I only made it available in one format, I’d miss out on the 3-4x the people who wouldn’t have read the book otherwise. What a shame that would’ve been and what a waste. Step 6: Make it darn good: Give Away The Secrets, Sell The Implementation The marketplace judges everything you have to offer - free or not. And you can never provide too much value. But, you can provide too little. So you want your lead magnet to provide so much value people feel obligated to pay you. The goal is to provide more value than the cost of your core offer before they’ve bought it. Think about it this way. If you’re scared of giving away your secrets, imagine the alternative: You give away sucky fluff. Then, people who might've become customers think this person sucks! They only have sucky fluff! Then, they buy from someone else. So sad. Not only that, they tell other folks who might’ve bought from you, not to. It’s a vicious cycle you don’t want to ride. But remember, people buy stuff based on how much value they think they’ll get after they buy it. And the easiest way to get them to think they’ll get tons of value after they buy is… drum roll please… to provide them with value before they buy. Imagine a company scaled from $1M to $10M just by consuming my free content. The chance they’ll partner with Acquisition.com is huge because I paid for my share before we even started. Action Step: 99% of people aren’t gonna buy, but they will create (or destroy) your reputation based on the value of your free stuff. So, make your lead magnets as good as your paid stuff. Your reputation depends on it. Provide value. Stack the deck. Reap the rewards. Step 7: Make it easy for them to tell you they want more Once the leads consume the lead magnet, some of them will be ready to buy or learn more about your offer. This is the time to give a Call To Action. A Call To Action (CTA) tells the audience what to do next. But, there’s a little more to it than that. At least, if you want your advertising to work. Good CTAs have two things: 1) what to do and 2) reasons to do it right now. What to do: CTAs tell the audience to call the number, click the button, give information, book the call, etc. There are way too many to list. Just know CTAs tell the audience how to become engaged leads. Good CTAs have clear, simple, and direct language. Not “don’t delay” but instead “call now.” Read the next paragraph to learn more (see what I did there?). Reasons to do it right now - If you give people a