# Heading: Full_Text (Part 53)
bundle of lots of things put together. It’s a system. It’s something that can’t be held up to a commoditized alternative. Examples: Challenge, Blueprint, Bootcamp, Intensive, Incubator, Masterclass, Program, Detox, Experience, Summit, Accelerator, Fast Track, Shortcut, Sprint, Launch, Slingshot, Catapult, Explosion, System, Getaway, Meetup, Transformation, Mastermind, Launch, Game Plan, Deep Dive, Workshop, Comeback, Rebirth, Attack, Assault, Reset, Solution, Hack, Cheatcode, Liftoff, Etc. Pro Tip: Find Time To Rhyme Good rhymes stick in people’s minds. Rhyme your program name to win the game. Google “rhyming dictionary” for an easy shortcut. Note - Don’t try and force it. It’s not a requirement, it’s just a “nice-to-have”. Ex: Six-Pack Fast Track, 5-Day Book Print Sprint, Marriage Thrive Deep Dive, 12-Week 2-Putt Shortcut, 12-Month No-Debt Reset, Celebrity Butt Shortcut, Get Some Ass Masterclass (just thought it was funny), etc. You get the idea. Pro Tip: Alliteration Alliteration is when you make all (or most) of the words start with the same letter or sound. An alternative approach to rhyming is to use alliteration when naming your program. This is easier for most people than rhyming. Again, you do not need to rhyme or alliterate. Don’t force it. Ex: Make Money Masterclass, Change Your Life Challenge, Big Booty Bootcamp, Debt Detox, Real Estate Reset, Life Coach Liftoff, Etc. I might be weird, but naming offers is one of my favorite parts of this process. What I want to highlight, yet again, is that your actual money model, pricing, and services will remain largely unchanged. Changing the wrapper simply means changing the exterior perception of what your Grand Slam Offer is. Below you’ll find a few examples of named offers for different industries. Wellness Free Six-Week Lean-By-Halloween Challenge 88% Off 12-Week Bikini Blueprint Free 21-Day Mommy Makeover 60-minute Make Your Friends Jealous Model Hair System Six-Week Stress-Release Challenge (Free!) Bend Over Pain Free in 42 Days . . . Healing Fast Track Doctors $2,000-Off Celebrity Smile Transformation Lakeway Moms - $1,500 Off Your Kids Braces Lakeway Moms - 12 Months To A Perfect Smile ($1000 off for 15 families) Back to School Free Braces Giveaway Grand Opening Free X-Ray & Treatment - Instant Relief Back Sore No More! 90 Day Rapid Healing Intensive (81% off!) Tightness? $1 Massage New Client Summer Special Coaching 5 Clients in 5 Days Blueprint 7F Agency 12 Week Intensive 14 Day Find Your Perfect Product Launch Fill Your Gym in 30 Days (Free!) I could keep listing these, but hopefully you get the idea. Now it’s time for you to give it a try for your Grand Slam Offer. Again, you don't necessarily have to use all the power components of the headline. Using three to five will typically create something that is more unique and desirable, allowing you to separate yourself from the competitive field and create an offer that will get clicks and engagement, and ultimately make you money. Furthermore, you don't need to do them in the M-A-G-I-C order. Do what sounds punchier to you. After doing this for a while, you’ll see that some offers convert better than others. That’s natural. And every once in a while you’ll get a name that takes off like a rocket. I honestly have no idea why some names win and others do not. So, don’t be emotional about it. Keep trying. Keep striking out. Then try more. You’ll get there. Now that you have several working names for your offer, you can use two to three of your best names in your advertising campaign. Quickly note the winner, then use that as a control to test against with new names. That is how you promote. Pro Tip - Name Sub Items & Bonuses Use the magic headline formula for each item in your stack and bundle. It will automatically enhance the value of your offerings simply by naming in a way that resonates with your prospects. What Happens When Offers Fatigue As you market offers, you will need to create variations over time as the tastes of the market change over time. Here’s the order in which you will change things to keep lead flow consistent. 1. Change the creative (the images and pictures in your ads) 2. Change the body copy in your ads 3. Change the headline - the “wrapper” of your offer 4. Free 6 Week Lean Challenge to Free 6 Week Tone Challenge 5. Holiday Hangover to New Year New You 6. Change the duration of your offer 7. Change the enhancer of your offer (your free/discount component) 8. Change the monetization structure, the series of offers you give prospects, and the price points associated with them (Book II) I follow this variation framework because most of the time it’s the first handful of items that need to be changed. Typically, they need to be changed