# Heading: Full_Text (Part 32)
apply. He took the rejection well. A sign of a good salesman. I felt obligated to reply. “You on?” I messaged. “Yes,” he replied. “Got 5?” “Yes” We hopped on a call. He sounded a little nervous, but I could tell he knew his stuff. It sucks we don’t have enough leads for this guy… “I’ve wanted to work for you a while now. I read your book and used the scripts to become the top producer at my company,” he said. “That’s awesome. I’m so glad to hear it. What kind of company?” I asked. “A gym software company.” I hadn’t heard of them. “Oh interesting. How do you guys get leads?” “We’re 100% cold outreach.” “You cold call and cold email gyms, then sell them software?” “Yea, pretty much.” “How big is the team?” “We’ve got about thirty guys.” A team of 30!? “What’s your revenue like if you can share that with me.” “We’re doing about $10,000,000 per month now.” Insane. “Just from cold outreach?” “Yea, we run some ads, but we haven’t cracked that yet.” “And you do this with a retention offer? You’re not even really making gyms more money?” “Yea, it's definitely not as easy to sell as the stuff you do for gyms.” “Do you think you could use the same cold outreach system here?” “I’ve never started a team, but I bet I could figure it out.” “Alright. What was the offer Cale pulled?” “I was gonna be a closer, but he said you guys didn't need one anymore.” I thought for a moment. “Well, given our current lead volume, he’s probably right. But, if you can get your own leads, I’ll give you the runway to get cold outreach going. What do you think?” “It takes a while to get going. I’ll have to figure out the scripts for your offer.” “Yeah, that makes sense. How long, you think?” “I’m confident I could make it profitable in twelve weeks.” “Alright, deal. I’ll let Cale know the plan. To be clear, you’ll be expected to figure all this out. The software. The lists. Everything. I’ll front you the time, but we can’t support you much beyond that.” “Understood.” Here’s what happened during the months that followed: September: 0 Sales. Zippola. Nothin’. Zilch. Nada. October: 2 Sales ($32,000 in revenue) Team asks me to pull the plug on cold outreach. December: 4 Sales ($64,000 in revenue) Team asks me to pull the plug, again. January: 6 Sales ($96,000 in revenue) February: 10 Sales ($160,000 in revenue) March: 14 Sales ($224,000 in revenue) April: 20 Sales ($320,000 in revenue) May: 30 Sales ($480,000 in revenue) Today: Cold outreach generates millions per month for our businesses Making this work took every (legal) cold outreach method we knew. Cold calls….Cold emails….Cold Direct Messages….Voicemails. Everything. But, piece by piece, we built a reliable customer-getting machine. I wanted something that would endure. And that’s what I’m gonna show you how to build. I learned five important lessons from this experience: 1) There was another company in my space making a lot more money than mine. It broke my belief about how big the market really was. 2) They made all their money through private advertising. I had no way of knowing they existed unless they contacted me first. So, they kind of operated in secret. 3) They built a very profitable cold outreach machine in my space. If they could do it, so could I. 4) It’s good to have proper expectations. Cold outreach veterans told me it would take a year to scale. I figured we could do it in twelve weeks. I was wrong. It took almost a year. Cold outreach takes a long time. At least, it did for me. 5) We tried cold outreach two times before and failed. Working with a person that had done it all before was immensely helpful in getting this going. I hope to be that person for you now. How Cold Outreach Works At some point, you’ll want one of two things. Either, you’ll want to grow faster than you currently are. Or, you’ll want to increase the predictability of your lead flow… Here’s how we can do that. We advertise to people who don’t know us. Cold audiences. And like before, we can contact them publicly or privately. In this chapter, we focus on private one-toone communication with cold outreach. For added context, cold outreach sits atop the foundation of warm outreach. So think of this as the more advanced cousin of warm outreach, no longer limited by your warm audience. If you can figure out a way to contact somebody one-to-one, you can use it for cold outreach. You knock on 100 doors. You make 100 phone calls. You send 100 direct messages. You send 100