# Heading: Full_Text (Part 37)
exclusive scenario one vs scenario two would feel. Think about all the people who would want to purchase, but would not be able to. Would this increase or decrease their desire? It would increase it, of course. On top of that, if people see that others who ‘were able to get in’ are loving it, it would further increase their desire. And the next time, they would act with more urgency, and be willing to pay more for the same thing than they originally did. So now, in the aftermath of our second scenario, we still have eight people who have unsatisfied desire. This increases their desire further. And to boot, we now have new prospects who weren't in the original pool who now want what we have. The next time we promote scenario two, we then open three spots at the same price and sell them all (still leaving some prospects with pent up demand!). This is a continuous theme. Conversely, if we were to promote scenario one again (the $500 price point), we would probably sell fewer slots the second time around. Why? We have no pent up demand. All desire has been satisfied. When you “pull the trigger too early,” each successive instance we promote, we sell even fewer. Eventually, we run out of sufficient demand to make even a single sale. This is the sad state many businesses find themselves in always trying to generate more demand to make another quick sale. Hormozi Law: The longer you delay the ask, the bigger the ask you can make. “The longer the runway, the bigger the plane that can take off.” We must endeavor to keep our supply (and satisfaction of desire) under the demand that we are able to generate. This maximizes profits and keeps desire ravenous in our customer base. This is the real key to never going hungry. Summary Points The reason I titled this sub-section “Delicate Dance of Desire” is that supply and demand are inversely correlated (in theory). If you satisfy zero desire (provide zero supply), you will not make money, and eventually leave people feeling rejected (Note: it takes much longer than you think). Conversely, if you satisfy all the demand, you will kill your golden goose, and not know where your next meal will come from. Mastering supply and demand comes from the elegant dance between the two. If you sleep with your significant other everyday they have less desire than if you haven’t slept with them for a week. We want the ravenous prospect, not merely the aroused. Therefore, understanding the interplay between these variables is key to enhancing your offer and the amount of profits you will make over time. Up to this point, we have covered all the things inside of your offer that can make it immune to price comparison and transform regular services and products into things that people will find a way to pay for. It would follow that the next variable that can make your offer more desirable is how it is presented. In other words, the outside variables that position the product in your prospect’s mind. These forces are often more powerful than your core offer. In this next section Enhancing Your Offer, I will show you how I: 1. Use scarcity to decrease supply to raise prices (and indirectly increase demand through perceived exclusiveness) 2. Use urgency to increase demand by decreasing the action threshold of a prospect. 3. Use bonuses to increase demand (and increase perceived exclusivity). 4. Use guarantees to increase demand by reversing risk. 5. Use names to re-stimulate demand and expand awareness of my offer to my target audience. I will define each, then give you examples of how to use them. We will use all these variables to enhance our offer and shift the demand curve in our favor, leaving our customers always wanting for more. We will start by tactically stimulating “fear of missing out” aka FOMO through scarcity. 12 ENHANCING THE OFFER: SCARCITY “Sold out.” S carcity is one of the most powerful and least understood forces to unlock unlimited pricing power. If you want to learn how to sell air for millions of dollars, then pay attention. The reason an authority (like a doctor), a celebrity (like Oprah), or a celebrity authority (like Dr.Oz or Dr.Phil) can charge egregious rates is because of implied demand. People assume that there is a lot of demand for their time, and, therefore, not a big supply of it. As a result, it must be expensive. That being said, it’s hard for most businesses to understand what it’s really like to have an uneven supply-demand curve until you’ve experienced it. I’m going to try and walk you through what it felt like for me the first time I