# Heading: Full_Text (Part 23)
in effort and sacrifice. A prime example of this happened in the London tunnel system. The biggest increase in rider satisfaction (aka value) was never from faster trains to decrease wait times. Instead, it was from a simple dotted map that showed them when the next train was coming and how long they had to wait. The dotted map, which only cost a few million dollars, decreased the riders’ perception of time delay and sacrifice (being bored waiting) more than actually making the trains faster (which costs billions of dollars to do). Isn’t that cool? This is how we need to think about our products. Pro Tip: Logical vs Psychological Solutions Most people naturally try and solve problems using logical solutions. But the logical solutions have usually been tried...because they’re logical (it’s what everyone would try and do). As a business owners and entrepreneurs I increasingly approach problems to find psychological solutions, rather than logical ones. Because if there were a logical solution, it probably would have already been solved, thereby eliminating the problem. All that’s left are the psychological problems. Examples inspired by Rory Sutherland, CMO of Ogilvy Advertising: “Any fool can sell a product by offering it for a discount, it takes great marketing to sell the same product for a premium” Logical solution: make trains faster to increase satisfaction Psychological solution: decrease the pain of waiting by adding a dotted map Psychological solution: pay models to be the hostesses on the trip (people would wish it took longer to get to their destination!) Logical solution: make elevator faster Psychological solution: add floor to ceiling mirrors so people are distracted staring at themselves and forget how long they were on the elevator Logical solution: make it cheaper Psychological solution: make fewer of them and raise the price which causes people to want it more. Often, most logical solutions have been tried and failed. At this point in history, we must give the psychological solutions a shot to solve problems. As such, as business owners, it is up to us to communicate these value drivers with clarity to increase the prospect’s perception of these realities. The extent to which you answer these questions in the mind of your prospect will determine the value you are creating. Only then, will we truly be able to realize the actual value of our product to the marketplace, and by extension, the egregious prices we want to charge. It’s difficult to separate the four value drivers from another, as most vehicles combine many of these elements together, but I will do my best to isolate and clearly explain each below. #1 Dream Outcome (Goal = Increase) People have deep, unchanging desires. This is what marriages are lost over, wars are fought over, and people will willingly die for. Our goal is not to create desire. It’s simply to channel that desire through our offer and monetization vehicle. The dream outcome is the expression of the feelings and experiences the prospect has envisioned in their mind. It’s the gap between their current reality and their dreams. Our goal is to accurately depict that dream back to them, so they feel understood, and explain how our vehicle will get them there. The dream outcome is simple; it’s the “getting there” where the value gets enhanced or detracted. People generally, and our clients specifically, want: . . . To be perceived as beautiful . . . To be respected . . . To be perceived as powerful . . . To be loved . . . To increase their status These are all powerful drivers. But multiple vehicles may accomplish the same thing. Take the desire “to be perceived as beautiful” for example, here are a lot of things that touch on this desire: Make Up Anti-aging creams/serums Supplements Shapewear Plastic Surgery Fitness → All these vehicles channel the desire to be perceived as beautiful. And if we further unpack the idea of a desire to be beautiful, we see that it may be a surface-level declaration of a deeper desire to achieve higher status in one’s social group. The dream outcome value driver is most prominently used when comparing the relative value between two different desires being satisfied. In general, the dream outcome that most directly increases a prospect’s status will be the one they value most. As such, a prospect may value that entire category of vehicles that satisfy one desire more than another category that satisfies a different desire. For many men, making money is more important than being handsome. Why? Because money drives status for men more than being handsome does. So, in general, they will value all offers that make them money more than offers that help them look good. I once heard Russell Brunson tell a story about this concept.