# Heading: Full_Text (Part 1)
Acquisition.com Volume II $100M Leads How to Get Strangers To Want To Buy Your Stuff Alex Hormozi Copyright © 2023 by Alex Hormozi All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief questions embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher at the address below. Acquisition.com 7710 N FM 620, Building 13C, Suite 100, Austin, Texas 78726 Guiding Principles Do more. Thank Yous To Trevor: Thank you for your true friendship. Thank you for your tireless effort to extract the ideas out of my head. And, for your continued support in slaying the nihilism monster. People say you are lucky if you have one real friend in your entire life. Thank you for being the best friend a man could ask for. To Leila: Even though Lady Gaga said it first, it doesn’t make it any less true. “You found the light in me that I couldn’t find. The part of me that’s you will never die.” Table of Contents Section I: Start Here How I Got Here The Problem This Book Solves Section II: Get Understanding Leads Alone Aren’t Enough Engage Your Leads: Offers and Lead Magnets Section III: Get Leads #1 Warm Outreach #2 Post Free Content Part I #2 Post Free Content Part II Free Goodwill #3 Cold Outreach #4 Run Paid Ads Part I: Making An Ad #4 Run Paid Ads Part II: Money Stuff Core Four On Steroids: More Better New Section IV: Get Lead Getters #1 Customer Referrals - Word of Mouth #2 Employees #3 Agencies #4 Affiliates and Partners Section IV Conclusion: Get Lead Getters Section V: Get Started Advertising in Real Life: Open To Goal The Roadmap - Putting it All Together A Decade in a Page Free Goodies: Calls To Action Section I: Start Here “It’s hard to be poor with leads bangin’ down your door” Hormozi family jingle You have to sell stuff to make money. It seems simple enough, but everyone tries to skip to the ‘make money’ part. It doesn’t work. I tried. You need all the pieces. You need the stuff to sell - an offer. You need people to sell it to - leads. Then you gotta get those people to buy it - sales. Once you put all those in place, then you can make money. My first book, $100M Offers, covers the first step and gives you the stuff. It answers the age old question “What should I sell?.” Answer - an offer so good people feel stupid saying no. But strangers can only buy your stuff if they know you exist. This takes leads. “Leads” mean a lot of different things to a lot of different people. But most agree that they’re the first step to getting more customers. In simpler terms, it means they’ve got the problem to solve and the money to spend. If you’re reading this book, you already know leads don’t magically appear. You need to go get them. More precisely, you need to help them find you so they can buy your stuff! And the best part is, you don’t have to wait…you can force them to find you. You do that through advertising. Advertising, the process of making known, lets strangers know about the stuff you sell. If more people know about the stuff you sell, then you sell more stuff. If you sell more stuff, then you make more money. Having lots of leads makes it hard to be poor. Advertising lets you have a terrible product... and still make money. It lets you be terrible at sales…and still make money. It lets you make a ton of mistakes and still. make. money. In short, having this skill gives you endless chances to get it right. And in the unforgiving world of business, second chances are hard to come by. So you might as well load up. Advertising is a skill worth having. And this book, $100M Leads, shows you exactly how to do it. *** $100M Leads sits atop the foundation of my first book, $100M Offers. It assumes you already have a Grand Slam Offer to sell the stuff. Once you have an offer to sell, it creates the next problem–Who do I sell it to? This book is my answer to that question. Leads. Lots of leads. And before you know how to get leads, life sucks. You don’t know where your next customer will come from. You scramble to cover rent and pay bills. You worry about laying people off, putting food on your table