# Heading: Full_Text (Part 16)
only four ways we can let anyone know about anything: the core four. I combined them below for you. 1-to-1 to a Warm Audience = Warm Outreach 1-to-many to a Warm Audience = Posting Content 1-to-1 to a Cold Audience = Cold Outreach 1-to-many to a Cold Audience = Paid Ads These are the only four things you can do to let other people know about the stuff you sell. And each method takes us one step closer to the land of overflowing leads. I refer to the core four throughout the rest of the book - so get to know them. In fact, make them part of yourself. Once you do, you will have your own “get out of jail free” card to carry around forever. It will give you as many chances to succeed at business as you could ever want for the rest of your life. Or at least, it has for me. So if you aren’t getting as many leads as you want, you’re not doing the core four with enough skill or with enough volume. We cover all this stuff in lots of detail. How they work. How to do them. When to do them. And show how to measure your progress along the way. This simplifies the overly confused world of advertising into four core actions. Either do them and get as many leads as you darn well please, or get crushed by those who do. #1 Warm Outreach How To Reach Out To People You Know “The world belongs to those who can keep doing without seeing the result of their doing.” May 2013. Starting out. For the third time that day, I pulled out my phone and checked my bank account. $51,128.13. I let out a small sigh of relief. It’s amazing how years of work and saving can fit into such a tiny screen. Feeling good for the moment, I switched over to social media to get more dopamine. Friends from college were applying to business school. Acceptance letters filled my newsfeed. I, too, started the business school application process. I had a choice: I could either quit my job and go to business school, or I could quit my job and start a business. The application stared at me - How will a Harvard MBA help your short and long-term goals? That question changed my life. I spent three days trying to answer it. At the end of the third day, I saw the truth - it wouldn’t. $150,000 in loans and two years without income wouldn’t help me start a business. At least not as much as starting a business and taking two years to figure it out. I could make the same amount by the time I graduate and skip the debt. Or at least, that’s what I told myself. So I quit my job and took the steps to start my business. I set up Impetus Group LLC. Check. I set up a business banking account. Check. I set up a merchant account to process payments. Check. There still wasn’t any money coming in, but at least I felt ‘legit.’ Impetus Group LLC. (say it out loud...) The first person I told about my new business said, “Impotence?” God, I suck. No wonder the name was available. I immediately changed it to ‘The Free Training Project.’ Name that doesn’t suck? Check. I was in business. But I had a problem - I didn’t know anything about advertising or sales. But I did know I needed clients. So, I just asked around where I could. I called, texted, and sent Facebook messages to a bunch of people I knew. “Hey, do you know anyone who’s trying to get into shape? I'm training people for free for twelve weeks. On top of that, I'll make them a custom nutrition plan and grocery list. All they have to do is donate to a charity of their choice and let me use their testimonial.” Only six people said yes. Six. Two high school friends. One college friend. And three people they referred. I emailed everyone fitness plans and we got to work. We texted during the week to keep tabs on progress. Thankfully, they were all friends of mine, so they gave it their all. They encouraged me more than anyone in the beginning. A decade later, I still have their before and after pictures. And this is where the decision to skip business school started coming back to haunt me. A few months into this, I was less sure of myself. My ‘pile’ of money didn’t look as big without new money coming in every month. And it started turning into a real problem. So, after twelve weeks of the “pay a charity period,” I asked them to pay me