# Heading: Full_Text (Part 3)
track record, I have a 36:1 lifetime return on my advertising dollars over my business career. Consider this my lifetime “batting average,” if you will. That means for every $1 I spend on advertising I get $36 back, a 3600% return. That is my average over eight years. And I continue to improve. This book is my attempt to share that skill with you, with a specific focus on building Grand Slam Offers, so you can experience the same levels of success. It’s also the first in a series of books meant to get entrepreneurs to financial freedom, in plain words, “fuck you” money. Subsequent books in this series will look more deeply at getting more customers, converting more prospects into clients, making those clients worth more, and other lessons I wish I had learned earlier scaling my businesses. Pro Tip: Faster, Deeper Learning By Reading & Listening At Same Time Here’s a life hack I discovered a long time ago….If you listen to the audiobook while reading the ebook or physical book you will increase your reading speed and retain more information. The contents are being stored in more places in your brain. This is how I read most things worth reading. I’ve priced my products as cheap as the platforms will allow me to, so this isn’t a ploy to make an extra .99 cents - promise. If you want to give it a try, go ahead and grab the audio version and see for yourself. You might find it as valuable as I have (as someone who struggles to stay focused). I took two days to talk this book out loud and record it. I figured I’d put this “hack” at the beginning of the book so you had a chance to do it if you found this first chapter valuable enough to earn your attention. SECTION I: HOW WE GOT HERE THE UGLY TRUTH 1 HOW WE GOT HERE “Magic will find those with pure hearts, even when all seems lost.” MORGAN RHODES December 24, 2016. Christmas Eve. T he room was pitch black. My shoes stuck to a floor covered in dried soda and crushed bits of candy. My nostrils were full with the smell of stale popcorn. We had showed up too late to get good seats and ended up pressed near the front of the theater. Just a few rows in front of me, the movie’s blazing projection occupied my entire field of view. In the reflected glow, I could see the outlines of Leila’s family’s faces. They may as well have been hypnotized. I envied them. They sat, entranced, soaking in their paid time off for Christmas. Must be nice. Anybody else would have missed it but Leila, my girlfriend at the time, knew me too well. Anybody else would have thought I was watching the movie, but Leila could tell I was staring blankly at the screen, my eyes not tracking the movie. My face was pale. My cheekbones and jawline appeared gaunt. Weeks of chronic stress had killed my appetite. “What’s wrong?” she asked. I didn’t answer. She rested her hand on mine to get my attention. I didn’t react. Within moments, her fingers tightened around my wrist, and she looked at me, her eyes searching for mine. “Your heart is racing,” she whispered, concerned. Without asking, she took my pulse. It was 100 beats per minute. Nearly twice what it should be for a fit 27 year old male at “rest” in a cool, dark room. “What’s going on?” she asked more forcibly, but still whispering. The truth is, I was terrified. A few hours earlier . . . I looked like a giant. I sat scrunched up in a children’s miniature play chair. My knees almost touched my chest, even with my feet firmly planted on the old beige carpeted floor. My laptop felt hot sitting atop my steeply angled knees. Dolls and toys were scattered around me. They stared at me with wide eyes and toothy grins, motionless. I had been their entertainment the past few weeks. I was in Leila’s parents’ house. They had recently become grandparents and used this spare bedroom as a playroom when the grandchildren visited. I didn’t have a place to live. So they were letting Leila and I stay there “as long as we needed.” They had let me use the children’s playroom as my office for my “business”, which at this point felt almost as make-believe as the stories they had told their grandchildren in this room. I literally felt like I was playing dress up. Except the stakes were real. And this was my life. My ears were hot and red from the phone being pressed against them for what felt like hours. I kept switching hands because my