# Heading: Full_Text (Part 34)
up front, but each additional book I sell after my first one costs me very little and provides tremendous value. The Final High Value Deliverable Let’s sum this up before we configure our final high value deliverable. Step #1: We figured out our prospective client's dream outcome. Step #2: We listed out all the obstacles they’re likely to encounter on their way (our opportunities for value). Step #3: We listed all those obstacles as solutions. Step #4: We figured out all the different ways we could deliver those solutions. Step #5a: We trimmed those ways down to only the things that were the highest value and lowest cost to us. All we have to do now is… Step #5b: Put all the bundles together into the ultimate high value deliverable. So let’s go back to the example. We see our prospects struggled with the following: Format Note I’m going to display each problem-solution set as: Problem → Solution Wording→ Sexier Name for Bundle . Then, underneath, you will see the actual delivery vehicle (what we’re actually gonna do for them/provide) Buying food→ How anyone can buy food fast, easy, cheaply → Foolproof Bargain Grocery System . . . that’ll save hundreds of dollars per month on your food and take less time than your current shopping routine ($1,000 value for the money it'll save you from this point on in your life) 1. 1-on-1 Nutrition Orientation where I explain how to use… 2. Recoded grocery tour 3. DIY Grocery Calculator 4. Each plan comes with it’s own list for each week 5. Bargain grocery shopping training 6. Grocery Buddy System 7. Pre-made insta-cart grocery carts for delivery 8. And a check-in via text weekly. Cooking→ Ready in 5min Busy Parent Cooking Guide . . . how anyone can eat healthy even if they have no time ($600 value from getting 200 hours per year back — that’s four weeks of work!) 1. 1-on-1 Nutrition Orientation where I explain how to use… 2. Meal Prep Instructions 3. DIY Meal Prep Calculator 4. Each plan comes with it’s own meal prep instructions for each week 5. Meal prep buddy system 6. Healthy snacks in under 5min guide 7. A weekly post they make to tag me for feedback Eating→ Personalized Lick Your Fingers Good Meal Plan . . . so good it’ll be easier to follow than eating what you used to “cheat” with and cost less! ($500 value) 1. 1-on-1 Nutrition Orientation where I explain how to use… 2. Personalized Meal Plan 3. 5min Morning shake guide 4. 5min Budget Lunches 5. 5min Budget Dinners 6. Family size meals 7. A daily picture of their meals 8. 1-on-1 feedback meeting to make adjustments to their plan (and upsell them) Exercise→ Fat Burning Workouts Proven To Burn More Fat Than Doing It Alone . . . adjusted to your needs so you never go too fast, plateau, or risk injury ($699 value) Traveling→ The Ultimate Tone Up While You Travel Eating & Workout Blueprint . . . for getting amazing workouts in with no equipment so you don't feel guilty enjoying yourself ($199 value) How to actually stick with it→ The “Never Fall Off” Accountability System . . . the unbeatable system that works without your permission (it’s even gotten people who hate coming to the gym to look forward to showing up) ($1000 value) How To Be Social→ The ‘Live It Up While Slimming Down” Eating Out System that will give you the freedom to eat out and live life without feeling like the “odd man out” ($349 value) Total value: $4,351 (!) All for only $599. Author Note Most of our facilities now sell this bundle for longer periods of time for $2,400 to $5,200. Wild. As we got better at creating and monetizing value, the prices and profit of our facilities skyrocketed. Once you start down this value creation process, each additional piece of value you create stacks on top over time. This is why it is important to begin. Can you see how much more valuable this is than a gym membership? The bundle does three core things: 1. Solves all the perceived problems (not just some) 2. Gives you the conviction that what you’re selling is one of a kind (very important) 3. Makes it impossible to compare or confuse your business or offering with the one down the street Whew! We finally have what we are going to deliver in all its glory. That being said, it is unlikely we would present it in this way. Depending on whether we sell one on one or one to many, we would present this differently. I will address how to present each of these bundled items in the bonus section (next section). Summary Points We went through this