# Heading: Full_Text (Part 70)
market. Don’t be cheap. 3) Use the agreement framework I outlined. 4) Set a clear deadline to force you (and your team) to learn the skills. 5) Use both teams until yours beats theirs regularly. 6) Switch to discounted consulting until you feel like you’re teaching them instead of them teaching you…then cut ‘em loose. Now that we know how to profit from the high risk world of agencies, we explore the lead-getter that’s made me the most money. We recruit an army of businesses who can get us even more leads - affiliates. #4 Affiliates and Partners “Nothing makes friends like money” December 1st, 2018 I had no idea how the Prestige Labs launch would go. I had no idea if our clients would like it. I had no idea if the technology we built would work. I had no idea if payouts would happen on time. I had no idea if our warehouse would mess up orders. But I did know over a year of preparation went into this launch. We put everything we had into creating a top-tier product. We spent over $1,000,000 custom-building affiliate software and training. And - we bought $3,000,000 in inventory for sales that may never happen. It took every business skill I had to make Prestige Labs real. And, in just a few hours, we would roll it out to our gym owner affiliates. I felt like a kid on Christmas Eve. And if it didn’t work, it wouldn’t be for lack of effort. Launch day… I finished the two-hour presentation soaked in sweat. It’s done. I ‘sold’ the opportunity to sell my supplement line at their gyms. I would train the new affiliates to promote Prestige Labs at their gyms. So, for this to work, they would have to go through the training and use it. But, if they did, everyone would profit. I had no idea if it would work. Three weeks later… We made $150,000 in total sales. Meanwhile, $3,000,000 worth of product sat in an air-conditioned warehouse… It didn’t work. At this rate, including operating costs and affiliate payouts, it would take five years to break even. Even if we could stick it out, our premium product would expire well before then. We were all but screwed. I felt miserable. It was terrible. Who am I to think we would sell all that stuff? I just wasted MILLIONS. How could I be so stupid? But…on the fourth week…something wild happened… BOOM! $100,000 on Monday. BOOM! $110,000 on Tuesday BOOM! $92,000 on Wednesday. We did over $450,000 in sales the fourth week alone. The trend continued. $429,000…$383,000…$411,000…$452,000. We averaged more than 300 orders per day across 400+ active affiliates. Orders just kept coming in. Check out the snapshot of our internal report below. It shows, from left to right, revenue by week. I couldn’t believe the results. Sometimes, I still can’t. The best part is, I didn’t advertise or sell any of the products at all. No paid ads. No sales team. Nothing. The affiliates did everything– and the affiliate machine I built still prints money to this day. So if that sounds like something you’re interested in, hang tight, because I’m gonna show you exactly how I built it. How Affiliates Work An affiliate is a lead-getter. They are an independent business that tells their audience to buy your stuff. Affiliates seem like referrals on the outside, but are much different under the hood. First, they have their own businesses and do their own advertising. Second, they agree to offer your stuff to their engaged leads in exchange for money, free stuff, or both. Now, you get affiliates by advertising and then making them offers just like you would customers. But, affiliates demand a unique type of offer. Instead of offering your product, you offer a fast, simple, and easy way to make commissions promoting it. And that can mean literally millions of engaged leads to your business. So this makes affiliates one of the highest-leverage lead-getters out there. Why You Want An Affiliate Army Each affiliate you get adds another stream of leads and customers. So recruiting, activating, then integrating with an army of affiliates causes crazy scaling, fast. That's good. We want that. Compare these two scenarios: Scenario #1: You sell ten customers per month worth $10,000 each. Your business caps at $100,000 per month. In twelve months you’ve made 1.2 million. Assuming no other advertising, your business plateaus. Low-Leverage. Scenario #2: For the same effort, you sell ten affiliates per month. Each month, those affiliates bring you one of those $10,000 customers. Now, every single month you add an extra $100,000 in revenue. In twelve months you’ve made 7.8 million. And it grows every month thereafter. Same work, more money. High-Leverage. Let’s use ALAN, my