# Heading: Full_Text (Part 45)
these bonuses can become revenue streams for you indirectly by getting clients to say YES more easily, and directly because you can negotiate that each of these businesses can pay you for the people you send their way. So let’s also say we negotiated the following “affiliate commissions” for making the introduction to these businesses. ...the chiro gives you $100 per person who comes into their office ...the food company gives you free food (yum!) ...orthotics company gives you $100 per person referred ...health club gives you a free membership OR $50 per person who signs up ...pharmacy gives you $100 per person Now let’s look at how much money we made...our $400 offer now has the possibility of making us an extra $350...pure profit! That’s the beauty of these relationships. The other businesses will pay you and you don't have to do anything but refer customers to them that you have already spent the money to acquire. And if you really want to get crazy, come up with a grand slam offer with these partner businesses by using the same concepts in the book so that each of the bonuses themselves becomes even more valuable than a simple commoditized service. Free Gift #8: BONUS...on...BONUSES There are a million and one ways to use bonuses in your offers. You can get people to act faster. You can price anchor and product anchor (little known). You can get more people to say yes than you otherwise would. If you want to a live deep dive with me on this, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and select “Bonus Creation” to watch a short video tutorial. I also have a Free Bonus Checklist I use when creating offers. Swipe it for your own business on the house! Summary We want to employ bonuses because they expand the price to value discrepancy and get people to purchase who otherwise wouldn’t. They massively increase the prospects' perception of the value of our offer. So here’s what to do: 1. Create checklists, tools, swipe files, scripts, templates, and anything else that would take lots of time and effort to create on one’s own, but is easy to use once created. Anything that you can invest in one time that clearly cost time or money to create, but can be given away endless time is a perfect fit for a bonus. 2. Beyond that, make a habit to record every workshop, every webinar, every event, every interview and use them as additional bonuses (as needed to crush a perceived obstacle). 3. Proactively negotiate group discounts and a referral commission with adjacent businesses that solve needs your customer will have as a result of beginning this process with you. What’s the next natural thing they might want? Go to those businesses, get a deal for them they could never get for themselves (because you are negotiating with the purchasing power of all your customers at once, very powerful). Author Note: The longer you are in business the more of these bonus assets you will have at your disposal. All of these things are valuable. Put them in a vault and keep them in your back pocket to sprinkle into an offer to get the deal closed. Information products work very well here because they have high perceived value, low cost, and zero operational effort besides giving an additional login. Tickets to virtual experiences or events work too. Same goes for a higher level of service that has a fixed cost like giving someone VIP service for a month (which also doubles as a way of upselling them into that level of service to keep them on it . . . more on that in Book II.) What should be a bonus vs part of the core offer if I am the one fulfilling it? Short answer: Wow Factor - in other words - something you wouldn’t want someone to miss. Many times you have so much “stuff” you will be providing your customers (good thing) that valuable nuggets can get lost in the mix. You want to take the most distinct ones that can almost stand on their own and pull those out to highlight them. This is especially true for things that are short in length but high in quality or value. Checklists or infographics can condense a lot of information into a small space. Someone might not feel justified paying lots of money for a product launch map (for example) but as a bonus would be perceived as very valuable. Next Up . . . We have our core offer. We are presenting it in a way to increase scarcity and urgency to increase the likelihood they want it even more. We stacked the bonuses of our offer to make the price to value discrepancy out of this