# Heading: Full_Text (Part 58)
even cheaper leads since they could be more specific with their messaging. But not only that, the cheaper leads got even more value from the product because it was meant for them. And those customers, because they had more goodwill toward the business, started referring like clockwork. Action Step: Increase the quality of the prospect, and you’ll increase the quality of the product. Figure out what your most successful customers have in common. Use those similarities to target a new audience that has the greatest chance of getting the most value. Then, sell only people who meet those new criteria. Set yourself up to build more goodwill. More goodwill means more referrals. 2. Dream Outcome→Set Better Expectations: The fastest, easiest, and cheapest way to make your product remarkable - make it better than they expect. And that's easier than you might think because you set the expectations. Have you ever had a stranger tell you a new movie was awesome? Then you go see it and think ‘that wasn’t as good as I expected.’ On the flip side, have you ever had someone tell you a movie was terrible, then you ended up seeing it anyways and thought ‘That wasn’t as bad as I expected.’ Our expectations of an experience can dramatically affect the experience itself. We can increase goodwill by lowering expectations. It gives us room to overdeliver. In the beginning, I promised everything and the kitchen sink to get people to buy. Fulfilling on that turned into a nightmare. So, I began inching down my promises while maintaining quality. It gave me more room to overdeliver and I netted a major benefit - referrals. Customer expectations are fickle. That’s why we set the expectations for them. And if we set those expectations, then we can exceed them. Action Step: Slowly lower the promises you make when making offers. Keep lowering them until your close rates lower. At that point, stop. This maximizes how many customers you get and the goodwill you build with them. Maximized customers and more goodwill means more referrals. 3. Increase Perceived Likelihood of Achievement → Get More People Better Results: The customers with the best results get the most value from your product. Figure out what they do to get the most value, and you can help your other customers do the same. Two steps ago, to sell better customers, we figured out who the best ones were. So now, to get everyone the best results, we figure out what the best ones did. Let me show you what it looked like at Gym Launch. We started by tracking customer activities. Speed to running their first paid ad. Speed to their first sale. Their attendance on calls. Etc. Then, we compared the activities of our average customers to the activities of our best customers. We found out something huge. If a gym owner ran paid ads and made a sale in the first seven days, their LTGP tripled. Once we realized this, we focused on getting everyone to launch ads and make sales in the first seven days. The results of our average customers skyrocketed. More customers, more testimonials and more referrals followed. Here’s the process I use to get more people better results: Step #1: Survey customers to find the ones who got the best results. Step #2: Interview them to find out what they did differently. Step #3: Look at the actions they had in common. Step #4: Force new customers to repeat the actions that got the best results. Step #5: Measure the improvement in average customer results (speed and outcome) Step #6: Match the conditions of your guarantee to the actions that get the best results to get more people to do them. Action Steps: Figure out what the best people did. Then get everyone to do it. Make your guarantees around the actions that create the most success. More success. More goodwill. More referrals. 4. Decrease Time Delay→Make Faster Wins: I define a “win” as any positive experience a customer has. Faster wins increase their perception of speed, increase the likelihood they’ll stick, and increase how much they trust you. Triple win. To make wins feel faster, we give them wins more often. Let’s imagine you have a product that takes a week to deliver. The customer can get one win at the end of that week or win every day with daily progress updates. Same amount of progress, seven times the wins. On top of that, if someone said seven things would happen, and all seven do, I trust them even more. Referring a friend is now lower risk since seven promises were made, and all seven were kept. Here’s five ways I make wins happen faster in the real world: 1. If I have seven small things