# Heading: Full_Text (Part 37)
into their ‘skinny’ jeans, so they feel no pain. They probably wouldn’t respond. But after they gained ten lbs over the holidays, they may all of a sudden be in desperate need of what you offer. And now, they respond to your reach out attempt. The only thing that changed was their circumstance. So try again in three to six months and get an entirely new group of engaged leads from the same list. Everything may be right except the timing. So the more times we contact them, the more likely we will catch them at the time they’re ready to engage. Action Step. After you’ve attempted to contact them multiple times, multiple ways, wait three to six months. Then, do it again. Three Problems Strangers Create→Solved I wrote the book in this order to build on itself. Start with warm reach outs. Get some reps. Post some content to grow your warm audience. Get even more reps. Then, you’ll be ready for cold reach outs. And now, we solved the three core problems cold audiences create: finding the right list of people, getting them to pay attention to you, and getting them to engage. Victory! Benchmarks–How well am I doing? The two times I failed at cold outreach I hired people who never tracked metrics well. The third person did. And cold reach outs succeeded. The person who runs it (maybe you) has to know the metrics of the sales process like the back of their hand. Every single stat. Let’s break down the numbers with a couple platform examples. I cannot give an example for every platform because it would take too long. My hope is that you can generalize the concept to whatever platform you use. Phone Example Let’s say I make 100 cold calls per day. And, let’s say I get a twenty percent pick-up rate. From there, I am able to get twentyfive percent of people to want to take my lead magnet. That means I got four engaged leads. If it took me four hours to make those calls, it means I got one engaged lead per hour. I can do this at first. Once the amount of engaged leads that convert to customers makes me more than it costs to pay a cold outreach rep–I teach someone else to do it for me (more on this in Section IV). So you know you do well when you make at least three times the lifetime profit of a customer compared to what it costs you to get them. Email Example Let’s say you send 100 personalized emails per day. From there, thirty percent open our email. From there, 10% reply showing interest. That means we’d have three engaged leads (30% x 10% = 3%). The numbers will vary but shoot for 3% of your list turning into engaged leads. Here’s a sample from a new campaign for a very niche high ticket service business in our portfolio. It shows a 4% lead engagement rate. And presumably, a third of them convert into sales. That would net us one new customer per one hundred outreach attempts. Direct Message Example Let’s say I make a personal video or record a personal voice memo for one hundred people. I say their name and add one personal line before delivering my standard message. From there, twenty percent of people reply. We now have twenty engaged leads. From there we use the same A-C-A format from the warm outreach section to qualify them for a call and so forth. So like the phone example, you know you do well when the cost of doing cold outreach is less than three times what you make in profit from a customer. Note: You can do WAY better than three times, that’s the bare minimum. For context, the portfolio company above gets over 30:1 returns from its outreach efforts. Costs This method is labor intensive. Nearly all costs are in the form of labor. In order to calculate our return on advertising, we add up all labor and software costs associated with steps one through three in the section before last. Let’s imagine we have a team doing cold calls: We pay them $15 per hour and $50 per shown appointment or “shows.” We have $3600 in profit per sale. Leads cost us ten cents. They call 200 leads per day. We would likely get about two shows per day from one rep. If they worked eight hours per day, we would pay $120 in labor and $100 in show commissions per rep and $20 for the leads. This means we would pay $240 for two shows or $120 per show. If we closed 33% of shows, our cost to get a client (excluding commissions) would be $360. Since we get $3600