# Heading: Full_Text (Part 52)
it would only cost you $10,000 to reach all of them one time. Important disclaimer: reaching an audience one time in no way means an offer is fatigued. Most people don’t even notice an offer on the first mention. That’s why you need to create new creative (videos, images) and new hooks, stories, and copy around the same offers. You can still use offers for a long time. But when we’re talking about years of use, not months, offers can eventually fatigue. Over time you can rename the offer to refresh it. This one concept will get you leads forever. I mean it. So pay attention. We are not changing the actual offer. We are only changing the wrapping paper. If you’ve put together a bundled offering, you’re still ultimately going to be doing the same things. The work you do, services you provide, and products you offer will remain unchanged as the name shifts. Again, we’re simply changing the wrapper. Here’s the simplest formula I’ve come up with for this process: Important Note: Not all these components are mandatory. You will typically use three to five of them in naming a program or service. If you can fit them all in, great, but it’s likely the name will become too long. The shorter and punchier the better. So it's a balance between brevity and specificity. The only way to really know what works is to write the names out and test them. Let’s run through the components now. Author Note: Marketing Theory If you like understanding the concepts behind my chosen M-A-G-I-C formula. Each roughly translates to: Attention (M-Magnet), Discrimination (AAvatar), Purpose (G-Goal), Timeline (I-Interval), and Method (C-Container). Make a Magnetic “Reason Why” We start the name with a word or phrase that tells people the “reason why” we are running our promotion. I like to tell people to think like a fraternity party planner. When I was in college, we had a party once because a guy got his wisdom teeth removed. I say this to say. . .the “reason why” can literally be anything. It really doesn't matter so long as you believe it. And you can even make a joke of it like the fraternity example. But this should answer one or both of the following questions: Why are they making this great offer? or Why should I respond to this offer?/What’s in it for me? Examples: Free, 88% off, Giveaway; 88% off, Spring, Summer, Back To School; Grand Opening; New Management; New Building; Anniversary; Halloween; New Year. Note: I will discuss how to monetize free and discounted offers in Volume III: Money Models. Announce Your Avatar This component calls out your ideal avatar: who you are looking for and who you are not looking for as a client. You want to be as specific as possible, but no more. When in a local area, the more local you can make your headline, the more it will convert. So don't do a city, try and go to the sub market, or hyper local area. Not Baltimore but Towson, MD. Not Chicago, but Hinsdale, Etc. Examples: Bee Cave Dentists, Rolling Hills Moms, Brick & Mortar Businesses, Salon Owners, Retired Athletes, Brooklyn Busy Executives Give Them A Goal This is where you articulate your prospect’s dream outcome. It can be a single word or a phrase. It can be an event, a feeling, an experience, or an outcome, anything that would excite them. The more specific and tangible, the better. Examples: Pain Free, Celebrity Smile, 1st Place, Never Out Of Breath, Perfect Product, Grand Slam Offer, Little Black Dress, Double Your Profit, First Client, High Ticket, 7 Figure, 100k, Etc. Indicate a Time Interval You’re just letting people know the duration to expect here. This gives an example of how long your results will take to achieve. Note: If you’re making any sort of quantifiable claim (like income gain or weight loss) most platforms will not approve this type of messaging with a stated duration to achievement because it implies a guarantee. It implies they are going to get this outcome in a period of time, which goes against many platform rules. So dont give a quantifiable outcome with the duration unless your platform allows it. That being said, duration is a powerful component of a Grand Slam Offer and you should definitely use it anywhere you don't need to deal with compliance. Alternatively, if the goal you help them with is not a “claim” per se, then absolutely use a time interval. “$10,000 in 10 days” vs “Make Your First Sale in 10 Days.” Examples: AA Minutes, BB Hours, CC Days, DD Weeks, Z Months. “4 Hour” “21 Day” “6 Week” “3 Month” Complete With A Container Word The container word denotes that this offer is a