# Heading: Full_Text (Part 47)
call it ‘investing in a money printing machine.’ After all, when running paid ads, you pay first. So your bank account has to go down before it comes up. I emphasize this because I'd rather prepare you: you’re gonna lose money. In fact, I've lost money more times than I’ve made money running paid ads. But every time I make money with paid ads, I make back everything I lost, and then a bunch more. So the number of times I lose is high but the amount I lose is low because I know when to shut it down. And my number of wins is low but the amount I win is very high because I know when to hit the gas. So, think of it like this. Imagine I spend $100 on ten ads - $1,000 in total. Nine of them lose all $100. Then, one of them makes $500 back for the $100 I spent. I’m still down $500. Many people stop here because they see a $500 dollar loss. But not us. We see a winner. So now we buckle up and 100x down. We spend $10,000 on the winning ad and make $50,000 back. Note: I still lost nine times, but the one time I won, I won big. And this is important, because you might lose, nine or ninety-nine times in a row before you win big. But, to win big, you have to see the winners and double, triple, quadruple, 10x down on them. This is why paid advertising is a lot like a casino. You’ll often lose in the beginning to learn the game. But - with enough skill - you eventually become the house. That being said, during this “lose money” phase, you can still be smart about it. Here’s how I do it. I budget two times the cash I collect from a customer in thirty days (not LTGP) when testing new ads. I wasted tons of money letting ads run too long before I realized they sucked. But on the flipside, I’ve lost even more money by giving up on ads before I gave them a chance. Eventually, I hit a sweet spot by budgeting two times the cash I collected from a new customer in the first thirty days to test a new ad. For example, if I know I make $100 in profit from a customer in the first thirty days, I’ll let an ad go up to $200 in spend before shutting it off (as long as I’m getting leads). If I’m not getting any leads from an ad at all, before I spend 1x thirty-day cash I shut it off ($100 in the example). It costs money to build an advertising machine. I worked with a business that took a year to get paid ads profitable. It was tough. But other businesses in their space ran profitable ads which meant we could too. Once they were profitable, they made their year’s worth of ‘wasted’ money back in the next month. It costs money to build an advertising machine…and that’s normal. Just make sure you measure the returns over a long time horizon, not next week. Can you think of anything more valuable than a machine that prints money? It would be unreasonable for it be cheap (or easy). Once you start making more money than it costs you to make it, you’re in phase three. Phase Three: Print Money. If you’re making back more money than you spend - the answer is simple - spend as much as you can. After all, if you had a magic machine that gave you $10 for every $1 you put into it, what would your budget be? Right. All the money. But realistically, you probably have some other constraint on your business that prevents you from unlimited customers coming in. So here’s how I scale my budget. Instead of asking “How much money should I spend on an ad?” I ask “How many customers do I want?” or “How many customers can I handle?” So once ads break even or better, I reverse my budget from my sales goals. If I can only handle 100 customers next month, and customers cost me $100 to get, I‘d need to spend $10,000 to get them (100 x $100). But since ads get less efficient as they scale, I usually pad the budget by twenty percent. So that means $12,000 over thirty days, or $400 per day in ad spend. I reverse my daily ad budget from my lead-getting goal. Then, I commit to it. If the number terrifies you, then you’re doing it right. Trust the data. This is how you scale. And that’s why most people never do. “How well am I doing?” - Cost & Returns - Efficiency Benchmarks