# Heading: Full_Text (Part 40)
openings we had left. This banks on the fact that you can only handle a certain amount of new clients anyways, on a regular basis, so you might as well let them know it. 3. Cohort Cap - Only accepting….X clients per class or cohort. Similar to the above, except done on whatever cadence you desire. Only accepting X amount per class or cohort over a given period is another way of thinking about it. Imagine you only start clients monthly or quarterly. This helps you get some cadences in place in your business operationally while also allowing your sales team some legitimate scarcity. Example: “We take on 100 clients 4 times a year. We open the doors then close them.” Etc. Pro Tip - Provide Limited Access For Higher Ticket Services These scarcity tactics work especially well for higher ticket upsells. If you want to create one off workshops, trainings, events, seminars, consulting, etc. These are things that by their nature take time and provide more access. Paring them with clear scarcity or fixed amounts, seats, or spots will rapidly drive up the demand. But always remember have less spots available than you think you can sell . . . so that when you want to do it again in the future, everyone will remember you sold out . . . fast. This is a compounding strategy that increases in effectiveness over time. One of the few in the marketing arsenal. Let me give you a real example of scarcity to enhance the value of a free lead magnet. If I were to tell you right now that I have a checklist that you can download for free that has all these materials for you in this book in bulleted format, you might be inclined to put this book down and go there to download it now. But, if I told you I have it set so that every week the page only allows twenty new people to download it, you’d be far more likely to go see if you can grab it. And even more so if when you try it, you see that it has already run out for the week. Result? You join a list that notifies you the next time twenty more checklists become available for download. What happens next? When you get that notification, you’ll hit the link on your phone and go to the page because you don’t want to miss out again. By employing scarcity, we make what would otherwise be a “neat free download” into a desirable thing not everyone has access to. You also, by extension, would be far more likely to consume it when you do get your hands on it . . . all because of how we controlled supply. Cool, right? Honest Scarcity (The Most Ethical Scarcity) The easiest scarcity strategy is honesty. Wait, what? Let me explain. I'm sure right now, you probably couldn't handle 1,000 clients tomorrow right? But how many could you handle? 5? 10? 25? Well, you might as well define a number that you are willing to take on in a given time period, then advertise that. Simply letting people know that you are three-fourths of the way to capacity this week will move people over the edge to buying from you. Or letting people know that you are 81% to capacity in your total business, will make people more likely to sign up with you “before they lose the chance.” Scarcity also implies within it, social proof. If you are 81% to capacity then a decent amount of people made the decision to work with you, and the closer you get to your arbitrary fullness, the faster the spots will disappear. But only you get to draw where that line is “full.” Neat right? Summary Points Employ one or multiple methods of scarcity in your business. You will drive a faster purchasing decision from your prospects, and at higher prices. Just let them know your limits and let psychology do the rest. Now that we’ve covered some of my favorite scarcity tactics that you can use year round, what else could you do to increase demand without changing anything about your offer? Increase urgency. We will cover that next. Pro Tip - Extreme Scarcity If you don’t hate money, sell a very limited supply of 1-on-1 access. You can do that via any of the mediums described in “Delivery Cube.” Direct message access. Email Access. Phone access. Voice memo access. Zoom access. Etc. There are lots of ways you can do this. But I promise you this - if you want to immediately make a lot of money, create a very exclusive service level based on access to you (yes, unscalable), that you cap at a tiny number. Price it very