# Heading: Full_Text (Part 1)
ACQUISITION.COM VOLUME I: $100M OFFERS HOW TO MAKE OFFERS SO GOOD PEOPLE PEOPLE FEEL STUPID SAYING NO ALEX HORMOZI Copyright © 2021 by Alex Hormozi All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief questions embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher at the address below. Ebook ISBN: 978-1-7374757-0-5 Acquisition.com, LLC 3610-2 N Josey Lane #223 Carrollton,TX 75007-3150 Cover Design by Charlotte Chan Mikkelsen Photography, Illustrations, and Interior Layout by Alex Hormozi DISCLAIMER The content provided in this book is designed to provide helpful information on the subjects discussed. This book is not meant to be used, nor should it be used, to diagnose or treat any medical condition. The numbers in this book are theoretical and to be used for illustrative purposes only. The publisher and the author are not responsible for any actions you take or do not take as a result of reading this book, and are not liable for any damages or negative consequences from action or inaction to any person reading or following the information in this book. References are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute endorsement of any websites or other sources. Readers should also be aware that the websites listed in this book may change or become obsolete. WHAT OTHERS HAVE SAID “After spending one day with Alex, we added $5 MILLION PER YEAR in profit without adding any new services. When Alex talks about acquisition, you should listen (as long as you don’t hate money).” BROOKE CASTILLO, CEO, LIFE COACH SCHOOL “My career can be broken into two chapters: the first was 15 years of banging my head against the wall trying to figure out why I was not fulfilling my potential. The second chapter started when I read ‘$100M Offers’ by Alex hormozi. It was then that I had the confidence to know exactly how to have the success that I knew I was capable of enjoying. If you are a business owner that is done settling for less than your potential, this book will quickly show you that it’s not your fault; no one has taught you how to make irresistible offers. This book will change that within a few chapters. Consider this book your second chapter. It is an absolute game changer.” RYAN DANIEL MORAN FOUNDER, CAPITALISM.COM “We first found out about Alex and instantly bought his book. It’s the best book I’ve ever read really in business. Probably the biggest thing I learned from him is that so many times in business you want to charge your customers more and you almost feel guilty like ‘oh my gosh can I really do this?’ but I think there's nobody better that really puts packages and prices together that not only you can increase your price for your business but you're also increasing the value for the customer at the exact same time. Since we started working with him...within two months...our business was already doing $10M/yr in sales...INSTANT DOUBLE and it’s only been two months since we came in touch with him and our business is on a run rate to do $23M/yr in sales now. Just from changing our pricing, our packaging, and at the same time delivering better results and outcomes for the clients that we work with.” ANDREW ARGUE FOUNDER, CEO ACCOUNTINGTAX.COM GUIDING PRINCIPLES There are no rules. To Leila: You are my ride-or-die: a term used to describe a person (usually a woman) that is willing to do anything for their partner, friend, or family, even in the face of danger. Couldn’t do this without you . . . and wouldn’t want to. You make waking up everyday worth it. Thank you for being unapologetically you. You’re a down motherfucker. To Trevor: You're the best friend a guy could ask for. Thank you for spending hours upon hours beating up the ideas that became this book with me. It would not be half as good as it is without your relentless drive for simplification and clarity. Eternally grateful for our friendship. You make me feel less alone in the world. Cheers to becoming old and crotchety. CONTENTS Start Here Section I: How We Got Here 1. How We Got Here 2. Grand Slam Offers Section II: Pricing 3. Pricing: The Commodity Problem 4. Pricing: Finding The Right Market -- A Starving Crowd 5. Pricing: Charge What It’s Worth Section III: Value - Create Your Offer 6. Value Offer: The Value Equation 7. Free Goodwill 8. Value Offer: The Thought Process 9. Value Offer: Creating Your