# Heading: Full_Text (Part 7)
more That’s it. I grow our portfolio companies with this exact framework. $100M Leads focuses on number one - getting more customers. You get more customers by getting: 1) More Leads 2) Better Leads 3) Cheaper Leads 4) Reliably (think ‘from lots of places’). Bottom line: All else being equal…when you double your leads, you double your business. This book shows you how to transform your business into a leadgetting machine. Once you apply its models, you instantly increase lead flow. And, like cash flow, when leads flow, it’s hard not to make money. This book will solve your “not getting enough leads” problem for good. In a nutshell: I will show you how to get strangers to want to buy your stuff. What’s In It For Me? In one word: trust. I give this book and the course that comes with it for free (or at cost) in hopes of earning your trust. I want this book to provide more value than any $1000 course, $30,000 coaching program, or $100,000 degree. Although I could sell these materials that way, I don’t want to. I have a different model. I explain it below. Who am I looking to help? I want to provide value to two types of entrepreneurs. The first is under $1,000,000 per year in profit. My goal is to help you get to $1,000,000 in profit per year (fo’ free) and, in so doing, earn your trust. Try a couple of tactics from this book, get some leads, then try a few more, and get more leads. The more leads you get, the better. Do it enough, and you become the second type of entrepreneur: the type making over $1,000,000 in EBITDA (fancy word for profit) per year. Once you get there, or if that’s you now, it would be my honor to invest in your business and help you scale. I don't sell coaching, masterminds, courses, or anything like that… I invest. I buy equity in growing, profitable, bootstrapped companies. Then, I use the systems, resources, and teams of all my companies to fast-track the growth of your company. But don’t believe me yet...we just met. My Business Model My business model is simple: 1) Provide better free products than the marketplace’s paid products. 2) Earn the trust of entrepreneurs who make over $1,000,000 per year in profit. 3) Invest in those entrepreneurs to fast-track their growth. 4) Help everyone else for free, for good. Our process reverse-engineers success. The winners know my models will work for them because they already have. And I know the winners will use them because they already do. So, we operate on shared trust. This approach avoids failures and increases the likelihood of success. Win-win. Easy to say, but let me show you how much of a difference our process makes… Within the first 12 months, our average portfolio company 1.8x’s revenue and 3.01x’s profits. And we partner for the long haul, that's just the first 12 months. Our average portfolio company who's been with us between 12 and 24 months, 2.3x’s revenue and 4.7x’s profits. As a fun exercise, plug your numbers in to see what that would look like for you. This stuff works. That's how I know the models I'm about to show you work. They already have. Acquisition.com’s Mission To make real business accessible to everyone. Businesses solve problems. Businesses make the world better. There are too many problems for any one person to solve. And I can’t cure cancer, end hunger, or solve the world’s energy crisis (for now). But I can provide value to the entrepreneurs who build the businesses that will. I want to help create as many businesses as possible so we can solve as many problems as we can. So I share these business-building frameworks rather than hoard them. Fair enough? Cool. Let’s press on. Basic Outline of This Book I laid this book out from zero clients, zero leads, zero advertising, zero money, zero skills (Section II) to max clients, max leads, max advertising, max money, and max skills (Section IV). We learn more skills as we progress in the book. And when we have more skills, we can get more leads in the same amount of time. So, we finish with the most complex skills that get us the most leads for our time spent. We save them for the end because they take lots of skills and money. And, getting good and having money takes time. I want this book to help a person get their first five clients and crack their first ten million-dollar month and beyond. This order also reminds those with skills and money, me included, of the basics we stopped doing. Our businesses deserve better. Respecting the tried-and-true methods that got you to your