# Heading: Full_Text (Part 48)
getting exactly what you need to BENEFIT.” Pro Tip: Name Your Guarantee Something Cool If you are going to give a guarantee, spice it up. Instead of using “satisfaction” or some other “vanilla” word, describe it more strongly. Generic Example (Bad): 30 Day Money Back Satisfaction Guarantee. Creative Imagery Example #1 (Good): In 30 days, if you wouldn’t jump into shark infested waters to get our product back, we will return every dollar you paid. Creative Imagery Example #2 (Great): You’ll get our famous “Club a Baby Seal Guarantee”After 30 days of using our services, if you wouldn’t club a baby seal to stay on as a customer, you don’t have to pay a penny. [Unconditional] Satisfaction-Based Refund Guarantee (Expanded from above): What the Client Gets: If at any time they're not satisfied with the level of service they're receiving from you, they can request a refund (at any time) for the program. My Take: Believe it or not, this was my guarantee when I sold weight-loss programs. Besides being an irresistible offer, I guaranteed satisfaction. I used the strength of my guarantee to close a lot of deals. “Do you think I'd still be in business if I gave a crazy guarantee like that and wasn't good at what I did? Now I'm not guaranteeing you’re going to hit this goal in six weeks, after all, because I can't eat the food for you. But I am guaranteeing that you will get $500 worth of value and service from us to support you. If you don't feel like we gave you that level of service, I’ll write you a check the day you tell me we suck.” It works perfectly with a best-case/worst-case close. “Best case you get the body of your dreams and we give you all your money towards staying with us to hit your long-term goal. Worst case you tell me I suck, I write you a check, and you get six weeks of free training. Both options are risk free. But, the only thing guaranteed not to help you is walking out of here today.” If you are good at what you do, you can use a guarantee like this to push a lot of people over the edge. That line made me a lot of money. I had two people take me up on it out of 4,000 sales in three and a half years. Satisfaction/No questions asked is the highest form of guarantee. It means we could do everything right and you could still ask for your money back. As long as you know the math, you will typically make up for the refunds in spaces with higher and faster closing on the sales side. But you have to be good at fulfilling your promises. If not, steer clear. I believe this offer works much better in lower-ticket situations. It becomes very risky as you go into higher-ticket services with higher costs of fulfillment. Pro Tip: Unconditional vs Conditional Based on Business Type Bigger broader guarantees work better with lower ticket B2C businesses (many people just won't bother taking the time). The higher the ticket, and the more business oriented it is, the more you want to steer towards specific guarantees. That may or may not include refunds, and may or may not have conditions. [Conditional] Outsized Refund Guarantee What the Client Gets: Double or Triple their money back, or a no-strings-attached payment of $X,XXX (or another amount that’s far more than what they paid). My Take: This is for when you sell something with high margins. And this is a guarantee to add with a consumption condition. That means they must do a variety of things to qualify for this guarantee. A world class affiliate marketer Jason Fladlien (who did $27M in a single day) recently used an amazing guarantee for a course he sold. He said “if you buy this course and spend $X on advertising your ecommerce store using the methods herein, and don't make money, I will buy your store from you for $25,000 no questions asked.” He claimed that an additional $3M in sales came from this crazy guarantee on a $2997 course. What’s more, he only gave 10 of these $25,000 refunds out. So the refund generated $2.75M in extra sales. That’s what a crazy guarantee does for you. In general, a very strong guarantee like this will definitely drive more sales. This really serves the purpose when you need a lot of stuff to be done by your prospect, and, assuming those things are done, there’s a low chance of the result not being achieved. Sometimes a guarantee like this can actually get clients better results on top. This guarantee will typically outperform a traditional 30-day money back guarantee in terms of net conversions (sales minus