# Heading: Full_Text (Part 15)
in a “bad” market, or nothing will work. That being said, here’s the simplest illustration of the order of importance between markets, offers, and persuasion skills: Starving Crowd (market) > Offer Strength > Persuasion Skills Let’s say you were to rate these elements on a scale of great, normal, and bad. You could essentially move down the line from left to right in order of importance. A “great” rating on a higher-order piece overpowers anything else lower on the priority scale. A “normal” rating moves the buck to the next part of the equation. A “bad” stops the equation unless a “great” from a higher priority component nullifies it. Here are a few examples: Example #1: Even if you have a bad offer and are bad at persuasion, you’re going to make money if you’re in a great market. If you’re on the corner hocking hot dogs when the bars close up at 2am, with mobs of starving drunk folks, you’re gonna sell out your hotdogs. Example #2 (most of us): If you are in a normal market and have a Grand Slam Offer (great), you can make tons of money even if you’re bad at persuasion. This is most people reading this book. That’s why I wrote it — to help you maximize your success by learning to really build a Grand Slam Offer. Example #3: Let’s say you’re in a normal market and have a normal offer. In order to be massively successful, you would have to be exceptionally good at persuasion. Then and only then will you succeed, with your persuasive skills serving as the fulcrum of your success. Heck, many empires have been built by exceptional persuaders. It’s just the hardest path to follow and requires the most effort and learning. Nailing your offer helps you shortcut this path to success. Otherwise, you will just have a normal business that takes exceptional skill to be successful (nothing wrong with that, but probably not what you signed up for). Commit to the Niche I have a saying when coaching entrepreneurs on picking their target market “Don’t make me niche slap you.” Too often, a newer entrepreneur half-heartedly tries one offer in one market, doesn't make a million dollars, then mistakenly thinks “this is a bad market.” Most times that’s not actually the case. They just haven’t found a Grand Slam Offer yet to apply to that market. They think, I’ll switch from helping dentists to helping chiropractors — that’s it! When, in reality, both of those are normal markets and represent billions of dollars in revenue. Either would work, just not both. You must pick one. No one can serve two masters. I have coined the term “niche slap” to remind entrepreneurs in my communities to commit once they pick. All businesses and, all markets, have unpleasant characteristics. The grass is never greener once you get to the other side. If you keep hopping from niche to niche, hoping that the market will solve your problems, you deserve to be niche slapped. You must stick with whatever you pick long enough to have trial and error. You will fail. In fact, you will fail until you succeed. But you will fail far longer if you keep changing who you market to, because you must start over from the beginning each time. So, pick then commit. Riches Are In The Niches The other reason to commit to the niche is because of how much more you will make. Simply put, niching down will make you far more money. Author Note - When To Broaden (Advice For Most People) For most, if you are under $10M per year, niching down will make you more money. After that, it will depend on how narrow the niche is, or, what is called TAM (total addressable market). A business can really only grow to meet the total addressable market. That being said, for most people, getting to $10M per year is already a top .4% achievement (only 1 in 250 businesses achieve this). So for 99.6 percent of readers below $10M per year, it’s almost always easier to serve fewer clients more narrowly. But if you want to go beyond that, you may (depending on the size of your TAM) have to broaden your audience by going up market, down market, or into an adjacent market where your existing services can provide value. For context, many companies expanded to $30M+ per year serving a single niche: Chiropractors, Gyms, Plumbers, Solar, Roofers, Salon Owners, etc. If you are at $1M or $3M, thinking you have capped and must expand, you are wrong. You just need to be better. When I truly grasped how much more profit I was leaving on the table, it changed my life. It was what took me from doing