# Heading: Full_Text (Part 28)
likelihood of achievement): 1) I will hand you your money back 2) I will work with you until you do. I do this because I want everyone to have an amazing experience with us and because I’m confident I can deliver on my promise. If that sounds fair, DM me/book a call/comment below/reply to this email/ etc.” After you make your ask, get back to providing value. *^This box is an example of an integration. Action Step One: Pick whether you integrate it or make an intermittent ask. Then, pick whether you’ll advertise your core offer or lead magnet. If you’re not sure, do the lead magnet. It’s lower risk. How to Scale It After you start asking, you’re gonna start getting leads and making money. But you don't want to stop there, do you? Didn’t think so. Cool, so let’s talk about scale. There are two opposing strategies to scale your warm audience. They both follow progressive steps. First, you have the depth-then- width approach. Then, you have the width-then-depth approach. Both are right. Here’s how they work: Depth then width: Maximize a platform, then move onto the next platform. Step #1: Post content on a relevant platform. Step #2: Post content regularly on that platform. Step #3: Maximize quality and quantity of the content on that platform. Short form, you may sometimes be able to get up to ten times per day per platform. Long form, you may have to get up to five days per week (see soap operas). Step #4: Add another platform while maintaining the quality and quantity on the first platform. Step #5: Repeat steps 1-4 until all relevant platforms are maximized. Advantages: Once you figure out one platform, you maximize your return on that effort. Audiences compound faster the more you do. You take advantage of this compounding. Fewer resources are required to make this work. Disadvantages: You have less low hanging fruit of new platforms and new audiences. You don’t accomplish the feeling of ‘omnipresence.’ In the beginning, you risk your business being reliant on a single channel. This is a risk because platforms change all the time and sometimes ban you for no reason. If you only have one way to get customers, it can kill your business if it gets shut down. Width then depth: Get on every platform early, then maximize them together. Step #1: Post content on a relevant platform. Step #2: Post content regularly on that platform. Step #3: Here’s where this strategy differs from the one before. Instead of maximizing your first platform. Move onto the next relevant platform while maintaining the previous. Step #4: Continue until you are on all relevant platforms. Step #5: Now, maximize your content creation on all platforms at once. Advantages: You reach a broader audience faster. And, you can “repurpose” your content. So with a little extra work, you can capture tons of efficiency. With minimal changes to the format, you can make the same content fit multiple platforms. For example, it takes little extra effort to format a single short video across all platforms distributing short video content. Disadvantages: It costs more labor, attention, and time, to do this well. Oftentimes, people end up with lots of bad content everywhere. Sucky fluff. No bueno. If you already have a sizable business, scale up faster and reap the rewards of an asset that only gets better with time. I said it before and I’ll say it again. The best day to start posting content was the day you were born. The second best day is today. Don’t wait like I did. Action Step: Pick an approach. Start posting. Then, go up the scaling steps over time. Why You Should Make Content (even if it’s not your primary advertising strategy) January 2020. I called all the major departments to a meeting to answer an important question: Why isn’t our paid advertising working like it used to? Opinions flooded the room. “The creative…the copy…the offer…our pages…our sales process…our price…” They shot back and forth at each other, every bit as invested as I was in solving the problem. Leila and I sat quietly as the team debated. After the din died down, Leila, in her wise fashion, asked a different question: What did we stop doing in the months before the decline? A new debate arose and a unanimous answer surfaced: Alex stopped making gym content and started talking about general business. Now, I didn’t know how important that was, but I had to find out. So, I sent a survey to our gym owners. I asked if they had consumed any content of mine before they booked a call. The results astounded me. 78% of all clients had consumed at least TWO long form pieces of content, prior to booking a