# Heading: Full_Text (Part 46)
“Doing A makes you a ‘doing A’ kind of person. Doing A kind of people, do B.” To be clear, we aren’t selling anything. We are asking if they’re interested in the stuff we sell. And if they’re interested, they’ll give us a way to tell them more about it. And when they do, they become engaged leads. Woo! Action Step: Build your first landing page. I wasted four years feeling too scared to make a landing page. When I finally tried, I finished before lunch. Nowadays there are tons of “drag and drop” tools to build websites in minutes. And if you’re still worried about it, freelancers will build a site, probably using those same drag and drop tools, on the cheap. So just get it done. →Now, you have engaged leads from paid ads! Hooray! We did it! Run Paid Ads Part I Conclusion What has to happen for advertising to work? Well, we have to show our ad to the right people. So, we pick the right platform and target the people within that platform that have the highest percentage of our audience. Once we do that, we have to get them to notice our ad. Once they notice it, they have to consume it to get a reason to take action now rather than later. We do that using the value equation. And demonstrate it in the past, present and future, from their perspective and the perspectives of the people they know. And once they have a reason to take action, they have to have a way to give us permission to contact them. That action turns them into an engaged lead. And since those things gotta happen, they slowly but surely became the three core elements of every ad I create: 1) Callouts (for them to notice it) 2) Value Elements (to give them reason to do something) 3) Calls to action (to give them a way to do it) Now… only one question remains…how efficient are we? Let’s talk about money stuff. #4 Run Paid Ads Part II: Money Stuff “I’m just trying to buy a dolla’ and sell it for two” - Proposition Joe, The Wire We focus on efficiency with paid ads throughout this chapter and the last one because efficiency matters more than creativity. All advertising works. The only thing that differs between advertisements is how well they work. Maybe people get crazy about making paid ads because they have words like “copy” and “creative” and “media” then get hyper-focused on getting all that stuff “perfect” (as if you can). You can tweak all day and night… until the cows come home! The reality is that paid ads, any advertising really, is all about the return on your investment. And with paid ads it gets clear as day because you put X dollars in for people to see the ad and get Y dollars out if they buy your stuff. So if you want a $100M leads machine, you just need to get it "good enough" to scale. Why? Because good enough is good enough. Since efficiency matters most, we want to be as efficient as possible so we can scale as much as possible. That way, we get as many leads as our little heart’s desire. That being said, there’s enough nuance to scaling paid ads that it felt better to break it into its own chapter. This chapter answers four big questions about ads as I understand them: How much do I spend? →Three Phases of Scaling Ads How do I know how well I’m doing? →Cost & Benchmarks If my ads aren’t profitable, how do I fix it? →Client Financed Acquisition. What do I wish I had known before I ran my first paid ad? →Lessons “But how much do I spend on paid ads?”→ The Three Phases of Scaling Paid Ads There are three stages to spending money on ads as I see it. Phase One: Track Money Phase Two: Lose Money Phase Three: Print Money Let’s break them down together. Phase One: Track Money. Before spending a dollar on ads, set everything up so you can accurately track your returns. If you don’t track, you’re gonna get cleaned out. It would be like going to a casino and playing your favorite game for as long as you felt like it rather than for as long as you could afford it. But, once you have tracking, you can do more of the stuff that makes you money and less of the stuff that doesn't. It rigs the game in your favor. So get a consultant, watch tutorials, and get it set up. End of story. Once you have the tracking, you can start losing money like a pro (wink). Phase Two: Lose money (half-joking). I prefer to