# Heading: Full_Text (Part 12)
people to respond to your advertisement because it’s a more compelling offer. From there, you close 2.5x as many people because the offer is so much more compelling. From there, you are able to charge a 4x higher price up front. The end result is 2.5 x 2.5 x 4 = 22.4x more cash collected up front. Yes, you spent $10,000 to make $112,000. You just made money getting new customers. Comparison: Remember the old way, the way you lost half the ad spend up front? With the new way, you are making more money and getting more customers. This means that your cost to acquire a customer is so cheap (relative to how much you make) that your limiting factor becomes your ability to do the work you already love doing. Cash flow and acquiring customers is no longer your bottleneck because it’s 22.4x more profitable than the old model. Yup. You read that right. This is the part in the action movie where you walk away from an explosion in slow motion. This is the exact Grand Slam Offer we used with our software business that serves agencies. The numbers can become wild . . . fast. I know 22.4x better sounds unreasonable, but that's the point. If you play the same game everyone else does, you’ll get the same results everyone else does (mediocre). You hit singles and doubles, keep the lights on, but never get ahead. But remember the opening passage of this book: that when you align all the pieces, you can knock it out of the park so well that you win for good. In my first 18 months in business, we went from $500k/year to $28,000,000/yr off of less than $1M in ad spend. So, when I say 20:1 . . . 50:1 . . . 100:1 returns, I mean it. When you get this right, the results are, well . . . unbelievable. Summary Points This chapter illustrated the basic problem with commoditization and how Grand Slam Offers solve that. This gets you out of the pricing war and into a category of one. The next chapter will focus on finding the correct market to apply our pricing strategies to. It’s one of the most important things to get right. A grand slam offer given to the wrong audience will fall on deaf ears. We want to avoid that at all costs. We must detour from pricing for a moment to learn what to look for in a market. It’s an essential box to check before continuing on our journey. FREE GIFT #1 BONUS TUTORIAL: “START HERE” If you want a deeper dive, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and watch the first video in the free course (starring yours truly) about how I differentiate offers in businesses I consult with and get them to charging premium prices. I also created some Free SOPs/Cheat Codes for you to use so you can implement faster. It’s absolutely free. Enjoy. 4 PRICING: FINDING THE RIGHT MARKET -- A STARVING CROWD “The seed that fell on good soil represents those who truly hear and understand God’s word and produce a harvest of thirty, sixty, or even a hundred times as much as had been planted!” MATTHEW 13:23 (NLT) A marketing professor asked his students, “If you were going to open a hotdog stand, and you could only have one advantage over your competitors . . . which would it be . . . ?” “Location! ….Quality! …. Low prices! ….Best taste!” The students kept going until eventually they had run out of answers. They looked at each other waiting for the professor to speak. The room finally fell quiet. The professor smiled and replied, “A starving crowd.” You could have the worst hot dogs, terrible prices, and be in a terrible location, but if you’re the only hot dog stand in town and the local college football game breaks out, you’re going to sell out. That’s the value of a starving crowd. At the end of the day, if there is a ton of demand for a solution, you can be mediocre at business, have a terrible offer, and have no ability to persuade people, and you can still make money. An example of this was the toilet paper shortage at the beginning of Covid-19. There was no offer. The pricing was atrocious. And there was no compelling sales pitch. But because the crowd was so big and so starving, rolls of toilet paper were going for $100 or more. That’s the value of a starving crowd. Selling Newspapers A good friend of mine, Lloyd, owned a software business that served newspapers for almost a decade. They set up digital ad services on newspaper websites with a few clicks and instantly helped them sell a whole new ad