# Heading: Full_Text (Part 31)
So these deals were very lucrative for me. Over time, I scaled that to a team of 8 guys selling every month. But this began to wear on me and the team. It was at that point that I realized that if I were to simply teach them how to do what I did, I could charge maybe a third of what I would normally make, but I would be able to help hundreds of gyms a month instead of eight. And, I could do it all sleeping in my own bed every night. My promise was fundamentally the same: I will fill your gym in 30 days. It was simply the how and what I did that changed. The how and what is what we are breaking apart. When talking to business owners about their model, I tell them to create cash flow by over-delivering like crazy at first. Then use the cash flow to fix your operations and make your business more efficient. This revision process can be pretty seamless. You may not even have to change what you offer. You may just end up creating systems that create the same value for the customer but cost you significantly less resources. Ultimately this is how businesses beat one another. Understanding this will be important as you scale your business. Now that we’ve established the importance of the fulcrum and how to approach the sales-fulfillment balance at the outset, let’s cover the last two steps of creating our Grand Slam offer. To recap quickly, remember that we covered identifying dream outcomes (step one), listing problems (step two), and determining solutions (step three). Step #4 Create Your Solutions Delivery Vehicles (“The How”) The next step is thinking about all the things you could do to solve each of these problems you’ve identified. This is the most important step in this process. This is what you are going to deliver. This is what you are going to do or provide in exchange for money. For the purposes of keeping creativity high (divergent thinking), think about anything you could possibly do. Think of all the things that might enhance the value of your offer. So much so that they would be stupid to say no. What could you do that someone would immediately say, “All that? Seriously? Yes, I'm in.” Doing this exercise will make your job of selling So. Much. Easier. Even if you come up with something you’re not actually willing to do, it’s okay. The goal here is to push your limits and jog your brain into thinking of a different version of the solution you’d normally default to. This is where you get to flex your entrepreneurial creativity. Reminder: You only need to do this once. Literally one time for a product that may last years. This is high-value, highleverage work. You ultimately get paid for thinking. You got this. This should be fun. Go ahead and list out all your possibilities now. Then I’ll take you through my example. I’ll just use the buying food problem from earlier as an example. I like to group things by how many people I'm going to deliver this thing to at once. My list is below. And at the bottom, I’ve given you my “cheat codes” for how I think through this to get even more creative. Problem: Buying Healthy Food Is Hard, Confusing, and I Won’t Like It If I wanted to provide a one-on-one solution I might offer . . . 1. In-person grocery shopping, where I take clients to the store and teach them how to shop 2. Personalized grocery list, where I teach them how to make their list 3. Full-service shopping, where I buy their food for them. We’re talking 100 percent done for them. 4. In-person orientation (not at store), where I teach them what to get 5. Text support while shopping, where I help them if they get stuck 6. Phone call while grocery shopping, where I plan to call when they go shopping to provide direction and support If I wanted to provide a small group solution I might offer . . . 1. In-person grocery shopping, where I meet a bunch of people and take them all shopping for themselves 2. Personalized grocery list, where I teach a bunch of people how to make their weekly lists. I could do this one time or every week if I wanted to. 3. Buy their food for them, where I purchase their groceries and deliver them as well 4. In-person orientation, where I teach a small group offsite what to do (not at store) If I wanted to provide a one to many solution I might offer . . . 1. Live grocery tour virtual, where I might live stream me going through