# Heading: Full_Text (Part 43)
urgency will get more people to take action than would otherwise. I have employed all four of these methods with great effectiveness. I suggest you do the same. Next up….Bonuses! Free Gift #7: Bonus Tutorial: How to Ethically Use Scarcity & Urgency If you want to walk through some live (ethical) examples of scarcity & urgency with me, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and select “Scarcity & Urgency” to watch a short video tutorial. You’ll also be able to grab my Scarcity Urgency Checklist I use when creating offers. As always, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. 14 ENHANCING THE OFFER: BONUSES “It’s all gravy baby” PLAY ON AN OLD ENGLISH SAYING. I have to give special thanks to Jason Fladlien for my renewed appreciation for bonuses. They are so powerful that they earned an entire chapter. In this chapter, I’m going to cover: what to offer, how to pick them, how to value them, how to present them, how to price them. The main point I want you to take away from this is that a single offer is less valuable than the same offer broken into its component parts and stacked as bonuses (see image). The entirety of our offer we came up with at the end of the last section. This section is about how to present those pieces in what order. For example, I may in fact do lots of things in my service, but until I enumerate them, they are unknown. This is why every infomercial of all time continues on with “but wait….there’s more!” They would not use these techniques unless they were effective, as every second of air time costs money and must be justified with ROI. You’ll also notice that if you watch those old infomercials, they would sell one knife for $38.95 then include 37 other knives, sharpeners, pans, and guarantees to beat the prospect into submission. They establish the price, then they expand upon it until you feel it’s such a good deal it would be stupid to pass it up. The reason this works is we are increasing the prospect’s price-to-value discrepancy by increasing the value delivered instead of cutting the price. We anchor the price we tell them to the core offer. Then with each increasingly valuable bonus, that discrepancy grows wider and wider until it's too big to bear and we snap the rubber band in their mind that is holding their wallet in their pocket. We are now going to present that “stack” of deliverables that we assembled earlier in a way that makes them irresistible. Pro Tip: Add Bonuses Instead of Discounting Whenever Possible on Core Offers Whenever trying to close a deal, never discount the main offer. It teaches your customers that your prices are negotiable (which is terrible). Adding bonuses to increase value to close the deal is far superior to cutting prices. It puts you in a position of strength and goodwill rather than weakness. Presenting Bonuses 1-on-1 vs Group Selling There are key differences between pitching to a group versus a single person. Group selling is beyond the scope of this book. But I want to at least address when a bonus would be brought up in a 1-1 selling scenario. When selling one on one, you ask for the sale first, before offering the bonuses. If they say yes, then after they have signed up, you let them know the additional bonuses they're going to get. This creates a wow experience and reinforces their decision to buy. On the other hand, if the person does not buy after the first ask, then you present a bonus that matches their perceived obstacle, then ask again. Don’t feel weird about asking again. You simply agree with the prospect, add the bonus, and ask if this consolation was “Fair enough.” People have a hard time rejecting reciprocity, so adding a bonus to accommodate, then another, then another, and people will feel almost obligated to buy from you. If you recall from our “Trim and Stack” chapter, each of those deliverables is now being weaponized and presented at the perfect time. We’re going to provide all these bonuses to them anyways, but it increases the perception of our offer’s value by layering these bonuses one at a time. Bonus Bullets That being said, there are a few key things to remember when offering bonuses: 1. Always offer them (you can use the bulleted bundle we came up with at the end of Section III) 2. Give them a special name that has a benefit in the title 3. Tell them: a) How it relates to their issue b) What it is c) How you discovered it, or what you had to do to create it d) How it will specifically improve their lives or make their experience i)