# Heading: Full_Text (Part 25)
we do this is to get their ads live and get them to close their first $2,000 sale within their first seven days. By doing this, their decision to work with us is reinforced, and they immediately trust us more. This makes them more likely to follow the rest of our systems and get to their ultimate destination. Pro Tip: Fast Wins Always try and incorporate short-term, immediate wins for a client. Be creative. They just need to know they are on the right path and that they made the right decision trusting you and your business. Let me give you another example. If I sell someone a bikini body, their time delay to realize that outcome may be 12 months or even longer. Along the way, though, as they change their bodies, they may experience higher sex drive, more energy, and an increased community of friends. They aren’t initially buying those things, but those things may become short-term benefits that keep them in the game long enough to achieve their ultimate outcome. They buy the dream, but they stay for the benefits they discover along the way. The faster and more clearly you can demonstrate those benefits, the more valuable your service will be. For a weight loss customer, we would get them to meet someone else so they immediately had some social benefits from the program, and we usually gave them a more aggressive diet in the beginning. Why? Because we wanted them to have a big, fast emotional win, so we could get them to commit to the long term. This is also backed by science. People who experience a victory early on are more likely to continue with something than those who do not. That being said, having to wait 12 to 24 months to get what you want is a long time when you can do liposuction and be done in an afternoon. This shows just one of the reasons people pay $25,000 for liposuction with a tummy tuck, while people will barely pay $100/mo to join a bootcamp. But that’s not the only reason, is it? That leads me to the last driver of value - effort and sacrifice. Pro Tip: Fast Beats Free The only thing that beats “free” is “fast.” People will pay for speed. Many companies have entered free spaces and done exceedingly well with a “speed first” strategy. A few notable examples: The MVD vs DMV wait in line forever or pay $50 you can skip the line and get your license renewed privately. Fedex vs USPS (when it absolutely positively has to be there overnight). Spotify vs Slow Free Music. Uber vs Walking. Fast beats free. Many will always be willing to pay (price) for the (value) of speed. So if you find yourself in a market competing against free, double down on speed. #4 Effort & Sacrifice (Goal = Decrease) This is what it “costs” people in ancillary costs, aka “other costs accrued along the way.” These can be both tangible and intangible. Using the fitness versus liposuction example, let’s look at the difference in effort and sacrifice: Massive difference, right? In fact, in looking at the marketing of plastic surgeons, these are the exact pain points they hit on when they say things like: “Tired of wasting countless hours in the gym. . . . tired of trying diets that just don't work?” This is why when you sell fitness, you have to spend an hour arm-wrestling a client to give over 1/10th to 1/100th of the amount of money they pay for surgery. There's just not a lot of perceived value because the perceived likelihood of achievement, the time delay to achievement, and the effort and sacrifice are so high. So even though the outcome is the same, the value of the vehicles are dramatically different, hence the difference in price. Decreasing the effort and sacrifice, or at least the perceived effort and sacrifice, can massively boost the appeal of your offer. In an ideal world, a prospect would want to simply “say yes” and have their dream outcome happen with no more effort on their behalf. This is why “done for you services” are almost always more expensive than “do-it-yourself” because the person doesn't have all the effort and sacrifice. There is also a component of “perceived likelihood of achievement” difference as well. People believe that if an expert does it, then they will be more likely to achieve the outcome than if they try on their own. My hope is that you now have a foundational understanding of the components of value and how the interplay between each of the components creates or detracts from the value someone might be willing to pay. Putting It All Together As I said earlier, these elements of