# Heading: Full_Text (Part 46)
world and break our prospects' minds. Next on our magical journey will be addressing the big elephant in the room...risk. We will completely obliterate it using a combination of guarantees so they have no reason not to buy. 15 ENHANCING THE OFFER: GUARANTEES “You’re gonna like the way you look...I guarantee it.” M E N ’S W AR E H O U SE AD T H AT R AN FO R E V E R . T he single greatest objection for any product or service being sold is...drum roll...risk. Risk that it doesn’t do what it’s supposed to do for them. Therefore, reversing risk is an immediate way to make any offer more attractive. You will want to spend a disproportionate amount of time figuring out how you want to reverse it. That being said, how much more attractive can a guarantee make an offer? Jason Fladlien, who I referenced earlier, once stated that he had seen the conversion on an offer 2-4x simply by changing the quality of the guarantee. It’s that important. From an overarching perspective there are four types of guarantees: 1. Unconditional 2. Conditional 3. Anti-Guarantee 4. Implied Guarantees. You must always hit your guarantee hard, even if you don't have one. Say it boldly and give the reason why. But won’t people take advantage of a crazy guarantee? Sometimes, but not usually. That being said, you must understand the math. If you close 130 percent as many people, and your refund percentage doubles from 5 percent to 10 percent, you’ve still made 1.23x the money, or 23 percent more, and that all goes to the bottom line. Ex: 100 sales, 5 refunds (5%) = 95 Net Sales Guarantee Offer 130 sales, 13 refunds (10%)= 117 Net sales 117/95 = 1.23x (23% increase) Don't be emotional, just do the math. For a guarantee to not be worth it, the increase in sales would have to be 100 percent offset by people who refunded. So an absolute increase in sales of 5 percent would need to be offset by an absolute increase in refunds of 5 percent (but that might be a doubling of refunds, which is unlikely). So, for the most part, the stronger the guarantee, the higher the net increase in total purchases, even if the refund rate increases alongside it. Warning: While guarantees can be effective sellers, people who buy because of guarantees can become very shitty customers. A person who only buys because of a guarantee is a person who may not be willing to put in the work necessary to see success with your product or service. In a world where you want to reverse risk and get customers the best outcome possible, tying your guarantee to the things they need to do to be successful can help all parties. Pro Tip: High Cost Services Warning If you have a tremendous amount of cost associated with your product or service, you will likely want to employ a conditional guarantee or an ANTI guarantee, as you will have to eat the cost of the refund AND the cost of fulfilling. Types of Guarantees What makes a guarantee have power is a conditional statement: If you do not get X result in Y time period, we will Z. To give a guarantee teeth you have to decide what you’ll do if they don’t get the result. Without the “or what” portion of the guarantee, it sounds weak and diluted. Note: This is what most marketers do. Bad Example: We will get you 20 clients guaranteed. Better example: You will get 20 clients in your first 30 days, or we give you your money back + your advertising dollars spent with us. This is a simple, but strong guarantee. Here are the four types of guarantees. I’ll go over them in theory then we will apply them. 1) Unconditional Guarantees As I stated earlier, there are unconditional, conditional, and “anti-” guarantees. Unconditional are the strongest guarantees. They're basically a trial where they pay first then see if they like it. This gets a LOT more people to buy, but you will have some people refund, especially as consumer culture continues to shift towards entitlement and zero accountability. 2) Conditional Guarantees Conditional guarantees include “terms and conditions” to the guarantee. These are the ones you can get VERY creative on. In general, you want these to be “better than money back” guarantees. Because if they are going to make an investment, you want to match their investment psychologically with an equal or higher perceived commitment. These also can have a very powerful effect on getting clients results. If you know the key actions someone must take in order to be successful, make those part of the conditional guarantee. In a perfect world, 100% of your