# Heading: Full_Text (Part 47)
customers would qualify for a conditional guarantee, but will have achieved their result, and therefore will not want to take it. That is an ideal we can all aspire towards. And just fyi if given the option of getting a refund or getting the outcome they were promised the vast majority of people will take the outcome. 3) Anti-Guarantees Anti-guarantees are when you explicitly state “all sales are final.” You will want to own this position. You must come up with a creative “reason why” the sales are final. Typically, you’ll want to show a massive exposure or vulnerability on your part that a consumer could immediately understand and think “Yes, that makes sense.” These types of guarantees are especially important with items that are consumable or massively diminish in value once given. 4) Implied Guarantees Implied guarantees are any offer that is a performance-based offer. This comes in many different forms. Revshare, profitshare, triggers, ratchets, monetary bonuses, etc are all examples. The end all concept is the same, if I don't perform, I don’t get paid. Unique to this particular structure, it also confers the upside of “If I do a great job, I will be very well compensated.” These only work in situations where you have transparency for measuring the outcome and trust (or control) that you will get compensated when you do perform. Stacking Guarantees An experienced salesman understands that, like bonuses, you can actually stack guarantees. For example, you could give an unconditional 30 day no questions asked guarantee then on top of that give a conditional triple your money back 90 day guarantee. That would be an example of stacking an unconditional with a conditional guarantee. You can also stack two conditional guarantees around different (or sequential) outcomes. For example, you’ll make $10,000 by 60 days, $30,000 by 90 days as long as you do thing 1, 2, and 3. This future paces the prospect into an outcome they now believe is far more likely (since you will be deliberately spelling it out in a conditional guarantee with a timeline for achievement). Doing this shows the prospect you are serious about getting them results and convinced that they will achieve what they want. This shifts the burden of risk back from them onto us...a very powerful strategy. Let’s go through some different guarantee examples: Guarantee: If you don’t achieve X, in Y time, we will [insert offer] . . . [Unconditional] “No Questions Asked” Refund Guarantee What the Client Gets: A) a full refund, B) a 50 percent refund, C) a refund of their ad spend and any ancillary costs incurred, D) you pay for a competitors program instead, E) you return their money plus an additional $1,000 (or other applicable amount) My Take: This is about as simple as it gets. It’s also very risky. You put yourself in a situation where if someone does not achieve the results, whether because of your fault or not, you will still be held accountable. Obviously this is a strong, but unoriginal guarantee. You can add conditions, but the more conditions you add, the faster this guarantee loses its teeth. Wording: I heard Jason Fladlien, who I referenced earlier, pitch his unconditional guarantee on a webinar and I thought it was unbelievable. These are 100% his words and not my own. I take no credit for this but have included it for completeness. “I’m not asking you to decide yes or no today...I'm asking you to make a fully informed decision, that is all. The only way you can make a fully informed decision is on the inside, not the outside. So you get on the inside and see if everything we say on this webinar is true and valuable to you. Then, if it is, that’s when you decide to keep it. If it’s not for you, no hard feelings. You will then, after signing up at URL be able to make a fully informed decision that this isn’t for you. But you can’t make this decision right now for the same reason you don't buy a house without first looking at the inside of it. And know this...whether it’s 29 min or 29 days from now...if you ain’t happy, I ain’t happy. For any reason whatsoever, if you want your money back you can get it because I only want to keep your money if you’re happy. All you have to do is go to support@xyz.com and tell use “gimme my money” and you got it, and in short order - our response times to any support request average 61min over a 24/7 time period. You can only make such a guarantee when you're confident that what you have is the real deal and I'm fairly confident that when you sign up at URL you’re