# Heading: Full_Text (Part 20)
If you get thousands of nos, you will get your yeses, I promise. I always tell myself: Yeses give me opportunity. Nos give me feedback. Either way, I win. (Step 8) “What Do I Do Once I’ve Reached Out To Everyone?” → Start Back At The Top After reaching out to all the leads on one platform, switch to the platform you have the second most leads on. After you reach out to those leads, go to the platform you have the third most leads on and so forth. Let’s say you follow this to the tee because being poor sucks more than helping people for free. If between all platforms, you have 1000 leads, that gives you ten solid days of work. A month of work including follow-ups. By this point, I promise, five or more people will have accepted your free offer. And some will have converted into paying customers. If you did a good job, they’ll send friends, and they’ll become paying customers too. So, let’s make our first dollar. (Step 9) “But I can’t work for free forever…” → Start Charging. This is important. This is your litmus test to know when you’re “good enough” to charge. Once people start referring, start charging. When that happens, swap out ‘… free…’ in the script above to ‘80% off for the next five’. Then ‘60% off for the next five.’ Then ‘40% off for the next five,’ and so forth. The “I increase my prices every five” rule also adds urgency because prices actually go up. And if you’re curious, you don’t have to stop raising your price. Feel free to keep raising it by 20% every five until you find your sweet spot. It’s your business. You can do what you want. Charge more as you get more experienced - a nice reward. (Step 10) “But what do I do from here?” →Keep your list warm. Give regular value to your list through email, social media, etc. to keep it warm. A warm list stays primed for your warm reach outs in the future. We cover exactly how to give that value in the next chapter. Once you’ve given value for a while, or see who wants value, probe your list with Dean Jackson's timeless "9-word email" template”: Are you still looking to [4 word desire]? No images. No frills. No links. Just a question. Nothing else. This message is money for getting leads to engage. And it’s among the first things I do when I invest in a new business. Here are a few examples: Are you still looking to …buy your dream home? …get more sales leads? …tone up your arms? …open an online store? …start a YouTube channel? You get the idea. Swipe and deploy. You make the ask to see who replies - aka - engaged leads. And these replies should be your top priority for warm reach outs. I’ll end step 10 here because I break down this “give-ask” process in the next chapter. The main point is that a warm list is a huge asset because it’s a consistent and growing source of engaged leads. If you treat them well, your audience will feed you forever. Advertising Checklist Summary Now let’s look at this in ten lines because it took ten pages to get here. Benchmarks: How well am I doing? Warm reach outs should get about one in five contacts to engage. So one hundred warm reach outs should get about twenty replies. Of the twenty who reply, another one in fiveish will take you up on your free offer. So, four people. Of the four who take your free offer now, you should be able to convert one into some sort of paid offer later. Hooray - money. This framework allows you to predict how many customers you get per 100 warm reach outs. In the example, you would get one customer per 100 reach outs. These numbers vary based on the value of your offer and how much they trust you. But, no matter what, with enough volume, you will get a customer. And the more you do it, the better your numbers will get. It just takes effort. You’ll also learn a lot about what engages your audience: what they value and how to make offers to them. This knowledge can make you millions. You get to learn while you earn - score. This process alone can take you to $100,000+ per year with nothing else. Wild, I know. Here’s the money math: This assumes 1% of your list buys a $400 offer using only warm reach outs. 500 reach outs per week = 5 customers per week $400 product → 5 customers per week x $400 each = $2000/wk $2000/wk x 52 weeks = $104,000…bingo. Which,