# Heading: Full_Text (Part 6)
you are reading this, then you are already in the top 10 percent. Most people buy stuff and then promptly ignore it. I can also throw out a spoiler: the further you get in the book, the bigger the nuggets become. Just watch. This book delivers. The world needs more entrepreneurs. It needs more fighters. It needs more magic. And that’s what I’m sharing with you ― magic. 2 GRAND SLAM OFFERS “Make people an offer so good they would feel stupid saying no.” TRAVIS JONES I was 23 years old and, to quote Ruth from Ozark, I didn't know “shit about fuck.” But there I was, in a Las Vegas penthouse hotel room along with ten business owners learning about marketing and sales… in my most-fashionable “beast mode” tshirt (a shirt I had gotten for free, and one of the five shirts I owned at the time). Truthfully, I was anxious, self-conscious, and thought I was making a huge mistake. I had paid $3,000 of money I didn't have to get a seat at the table. I knew I needed to learn. Everyone there had a business . . . except me. I was planning on starting one, a gym. TJ, the organizer, had multiple successful businesses. While going over the agenda, I remember he made an off-hand comment about making $1,000,000 that year. One. Million. Dollars. I was spellbound. I wanna be like this guy. I’ll do anything. The problem was, I didn't know what any of them were talking about. KPIs? CPLs? Conversion rates? My head was spinning as I pretended like I knew what they were talking about. But I didn’t, and I’m bad at pretending. Between “sessions,” TJ found me. He could tell I was in way over my head. TJ was kind, curious, and caring. After a little bit of small talk, he asked me a simple question that changed my life forever . . . “Do you want to know the secret to sales?” I had never sold anything in my life. I had never even read a book on it. I had just recently learned what the term meant (seriously). I leaned forward, intent to download every syllable he spoke right into my brain. I opened my notepad and stared at him with intent. I was ready for the secret. He looked at me soberly and said: “Make people an offer so good they would feel stupid saying no.” I nodded, wrote it down, underlined it, and circled it. And with that, my entire worldview of selling was transformed. My mind began racing. I didn't have to be skilled . . . or even any good. I just had to come up with things that anyone would say yes to. The greatest game of my life had begun. What This Book Is About At some point, every successful business owner was a wantrepreneur. A person full of ideas and frustrated at having potential to spare. Something clicks when they realize the horrible trade they (and so many people) make ― trading their freedom for (falsely) perceived security. Their discomfort compounds. And once the discomfort of staying the same surpasses the discomfort of change, they take the leap. I’m going to be an entrepreneur so I can be free. Free to do whatever I want, whenever I want, with whomever I want. Some learned about entrepreneurship through personal development. Others got into it through a franchise. Others bought courses. And some just said, “F*CK IT. I’m doing it. I’ll make it work.” And made it work they did. Most of us open up shop with the intention of helping people in some way. Many times, this assistance is in some way related to something that’s affected us personally. We set out to “give back” by providing value to others by helping them solve a problem that once plagued us. Then again, sometimes this isn’t our way in. In either case, we cling to the dream of making more and being freer than we are now. Many of us thought, naively, that owning a business would be our crowning accomplishment — a final destination — when in reality, it was just the beginning. Somehow, in the transition between “passionate to help others” and “owning my first business,” we gradually realized that we don’t even know the first thing about business, let alone turning a profit. We may know a lot about our passion, about why we started the business, but that doesn’t mean we know anything about succeeding in business. Much to the disappointment of the idealists on the sidelines, succeeding in business means getting prospective customers to trade us money for our services. Our passion for their hard-earned coins. That’s the agreement. The only way to facilitate that exchange, to transact, to literally