# Heading: Full_Text (Part 17)
instead. I was the charity now. Ha. I worried they’d be upset to pay me instead, but they didn’t seem to mind. Once they got results, I asked them to send their friends over. To my surprise, I got another five or six clients from their referrals. I asked the referrals to pay me directly. Again, none of them minded. That little business made about $4000 per month and replaced the income from my first job. It gave me enough money to live on (and some). My savings started to grow again. Sigh of relief. If this business sounds straightforward, that’s because it was. I emailed clients their plans and they texted me the questions they had along the way. That’s about it. So if you’re starting, you don’t need a lot. All you need is a tax ID, a bank account, a way to take payments, and a way to communicate with people. But, that last part - a way to communicate with people - is the most important part. It's how you get leads. So even though I had no idea I was doing warm reach outs, one of the core four, it’s how I got my first leads. I still get leads this way (just with bigger numbers). And I’ll show you how you can too. How Warm Reach Outs Work Warm reach outs are when you make one-to-one contact with your warm audience - aka - the people who know you. It’s the cheapest and easiest way to find people interested in the stuff you sell. It’s super effective–and most businesses don’t do it. Don’t be like most businesses. Also, you do have a warm audience, even if you don’t know it. Everybody knows somebody. So your personal contacts are the easiest place to start. Warm reach outs usually come in the form of calls, texts, emails, direct messages, voicemails, etc. And like we learned in Section II, you advertise one of two things. You let them know about your lead magnet (something free and valuable), or you let them know about your core offer (the main thing you sell). When you start doing warm reach outs, you don’t get many engaged leads for your time. You do everything on your own and make each message personal. But, for that reason, it is reliable. As certain as the sun rises and sets, it works. Note: Reaching out to your warm audience works whether you have 100 contacts or 1,000,000. So as your business grows, you will use automation and employees to make it more efficient. The systems start small, with you, but they scale all the way up. I detail how to scale these systems to larger audiences in Section IV. How To Do Warm Reach Outs in 10 Steps Warm reach outs are a fantastic way to get your “First Five Clients” For any new product or service. Advanced Folks: Think re-engagement and new product lines. Here’s how to do it: Step 1: Get your list Step 2: Pick a platform Step 3: Personalize your message Step 4: Reach out Step 5: Warm them up Step 6: Invite their friends Step 7: Make them the easiest offer in the world Step 8: Start at the top Step 9: Start Charging Step 10: Keep Your List Warm (Step 1) “But I don’t have any leads…” → Everyone Has A List You know other humans. Let me prove it to you. Grab your phone. Inside you have contacts. Each contact has subscribed to communication from you. They have given you the means and permission to contact them. Pull up all the email accounts you’ve used over the years. Pull your contacts and address list from each. Bingo! Look at all them leads. Now, go to all your social media profiles. See your followers, subscribers, friends, connections, or whatever kids call ‘em these days...eureka – you got more leads! Add up all your contacts from all the platforms. Seriously, figure out the number. Between your phone, email, social media, and other platforms you will have more than enough contacts to get started. For many of you, this will be your first 1000 leads. Would ya look at that! “I don’t have any leads.” Psh. Just found some. And if you’re terrified you’ll have to talk to people. Relax. You’ll like what I’m gonna show you next. (Step 2) “But I don’t know where to start…” → Pick A Platform Pick the platform you have the most contacts on. Phone, email, social media, mail, carrier pigeon, etc. It doesn’t matter. Just pick the one with the most contacts. You’ll hit ‘em all eventually anyways. (Step 3) “But what do I say?” → Personalize your greeting Use something you know about the contact as your actual reason to reach out.