# Heading: Full_Text (Part 45)
workouts (WHAT). Or, how they (WHO) catch a look at themselves in a reflection in the mall in a few months (WHEN) and realize ‘stuff actually fits me in this store’ (WHAT). When we combine: everything we can to get the prospect going toward the four value drivers, while also getting them away from their opposites the many perspectives we can show them gaining status, and different timelines for each… …This adds up to why they should be interested. And now we have a lot of ways to get them interested! And - the more angles we cover, the more interested they’ll become. Also - since you asked - the only difference between long ads and short ads is how many angles we have time to cover from the copywriting framework. Longer ads use more. Shorter ads use fewer. So add or take away based on the platform, but keep the callouts (the first few seconds) and CTAs (what to do next) the same. Action Steps: Get as many advertising angles with your offer as you can with the What-Who-When framework. What: Know the eight key things about your own product or service. How it fulfills each element of value, and how it helps avoid their opposites. Who: Show how the eight key things about your product or service can change your prospect’s status. Then, show how the people they know give status to the prospect when they buy your thing or take status away if they don’t. When: Get the prospect to see the consequences of buying and not buying through their past, present, and future. Especially through their change in status with people they know. This way, we help them to see the value of their decision (or indecision) at this very moment. I also include a few more ad tips and tricks that have served me well in the lessons at the end of the chapter. But even if you never use them, there’s only one more thing you’ll need to turn these interested folks into engaged leads… 3) CTA - Tell Them What To Do Next If your ad got them interested, then your audience will have huge motivation… for a tiny time. Take advantage. Tell them exactly what to do next. S-P-E-L-L it out: Click this button. Call this number. Reply with “YES.” Go to this website. Scan this QR Code (wink). So many ads still don’t do this. Your audience can only know what to do if you tell them. Make CTAs quick and easy. Easy phone numbers, obvious buttons, simple websites. For example, a common CTA is to direct the audience to a website. So make your web address short and memorable: Instead of… alexsprivateequityfirm.com/free-bookand-course2782 Use.. acquisition.com/training Note: This comes from a guy who spent $370,000 on a single word domain Acquisition.com. So, I may overvalue easy domains, but I don’t think I do. I think everyone else undervalues them. Just my two cents. Beyond these basics which most still forget, you can also use all the tactics like urgency, scarcity, and bonuses from “Step 7” from the “engage your leads” chapter to make even stronger CTAs. They apply here, and everywhere else you tell your audience to do something. So we can now pick a platform to advertise on, target who we show our ads to, make the ads they see, and tell them what to do next. All we have to do now is get their contact information. Step #4 “How do I get their info?” → Get Permission To Contact Them After they take the action–Get. Their. Contact. Information. My favorite way to get contact information is a simple landing page. Don’t overthink it. The simpler your landing page, the easier it is to test. Focus on the words and the image. Here are my three favorite templates. Pick one and start testing. And make your landing pages match your ads. People click an ad because you promised them some benefit. So carry that same look and language over to your landing page. Make sure what you promised in your ad is what you deliver. This sounds simple, but a lot of people forget, and waste money until they remember it. You don’t want to end up with some Frankenstein experience where everything looks different. You want a continuous experience from “click to close.” Get more people through more steps. In Robert Cialdini’s seminal work, Influence, he shows that people like to think of themselves as consistent. So, if you remind them of the action they just took (CTA), and show how taking the next action aligns with it, you’ll get more people to take the second action (Contact Info). For example, “Now that you just did A, you need to do B to get the most of A.” Or