# Heading: Full_Text (Part 76)
delivering his free lead magnet (the LLC setup). And two, paying a percentage of every first sale to the affiliates that sent them. That's it. And everybody wins. Physical Products Case Study #2: Prestige Labs, my supplement company We sell gym owners at Gym Launch and train them how to advertise and sell their gym memberships. Prestige Labs has a line of supplements for active adults. This makes Gym Launch a perfect affiliate for Prestige Labs. It has a community of gym owners that also have active adult customers. So when Gym Launch sells a new gym owner, they introduce the new gym owners to Prestige Labs. Then the Prestige Labs team follows the “launch then integrate” strategy above. (We really do this). Launch: We give the gym owners advertising materials so they can re-engage their current and former customers. We focus on warm outreach and posting free content for a free 28 day challenge. When they come in for the free challenge, gym owners sell them supplements to use with the program. The gym owner gets more customers. They make money. We make money. Everyone wins. Integrate: After the launch, we teach them to sell supplements to every new gym member. So when new clients buy a membership package, the gym owner sets up a nutrition orientation. At the nutrition orientation, the gym owner sells them $50-$1000 of supplements. So if a gym signs up twenty clients per month, and gets seventy percent of them to buy supplements, we get fourteen new customers per month per gym. It doesn’t sound like much, but when you multiply 4000 gyms x 14 new sales per month x $200 average order = a lot of money every month. Local Business Case Study #3: Chiropractors Chiropractors want new patients. And a portfolio company of ours teaches them to use an affiliate strategy to get them. Their model is simple: go to high volume businesses that have people that are in need of adjustments. A gym fits the bill nicely. Here’s what they do. Launch: They get the gym owner to promote a three hour workshop where they show correct exercises and posture to get more from their workouts. The gym owner promotes the workshop for free or sells the workshop for $29-$99 per person. The chiropractor splits the money with the gym owner. Hint: if you give the affiliate (gym owner in this case) 100% of the money, they’ll want to do it more. So if a gym gets thirty people to show up for $99, they make $2970 profit for zero work besides a few emails and posts. At the workshop the chiropractor soft pitches their services and gets a bucket of new patients. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. Integrate: Long term, the chiropractor convinces the gym owner to include one to two adjustments with every new membership the gym signs up. This increases the value of the gym membership compared to the guy down the street. And, it shows the gym prioritizes its members health and safety (a big concern for beginners). Win win. Now, every new gym member becomes a lead for the chiropractor to follow up with. They repeat this process with thirty gyms, and get more patients than they can handle. Costs and Returns “Affiliates can’t work for my business” the loser said. “I have to make affiliates work for my business” the winner said. Be a winner. When calculating returns with other methods, we compared lifetime gross profit (LTGP) with cost to acquire a customer (CAC). So we spend money to get customers and the customers, in a profitable business, give us more money back. Affiliates work differently. We spend money to get affiliates, sure. But we don’t really make much back from affiliates themselves. Instead, the money we spend to get an affiliate comes back from the customers they bring us. So to calculate returns, we compare how much it costs us to get an affiliate with the gross profit of all the customers they send to our business. Example: Let’s say we own a widget company that grows with affiliates. ● It costs us $4000 in advertising to get an affiliate. CAC = $4000 ● Our average affiliate sells $10,000 in widgets per month and stays for 12 months. ○ ($10,000 per month ) x (12 months) = $120,000 total sales ● The widgets have 75% gross margins. In other words, they cost 25% of retail price to make. ○ ($120,000 total sales) x (25% cost of goods) = $30,000 total cost of goods ○ ($120,000 total sales ) - ($30,000 total cost of goods) = $90,000 in gross profit from all the customers the affiliate brings ● We pay affiliates 40% of the gross profit: ○ ($90,000 gross profit) x (40% payout) = $36,000 to