# Heading: Full_Text (Part 9)
“meditation” keeps me hungry as an entrepreneur but also grateful for my security and peace of mind. I want the latter for you and anyone else that gives a damn about what they do. Fair enough? Cool. So let’s get to it. Basic Outline of This Book This book is intended to be a resource. As a resource, I mean it will be something you will read through and then keep in your tool box, coming back to it again and again. Why? As Einstein says, “never memorize anything you can look up.” Business is not a spectator sport. You’re not cramming for some midterm, and you’re not some limp-wristed philosopher. You do work. And to work, you need tools. This, my friend, is one of those tools. General Outline Section I: How We Got Here (You Just Finished It) Section II: Pricing: How To Charge Lots of Money For Stuff Section III: Value: Create Your Offer: How To Make Something So Good People Line Up To Buy Section IV: Enhancing Your Offer: How To Make Your Offer So Good They Feel Stupid Saying No Section V: Next Steps: How To Make This Happen In The Real World For free courses and books so good they grow your business without your consent, go to: Acquisition.com. SECTION II: PRICING HOW TO CHARGE LOTS OF MONEY FOR STUFF 3 PRICING: THE COMMODITY PROBLEM “Think different.” STEVE JOBS “Grow or Die” is a core tenet at our companies. We believe every person, every company, and every organism is either growing or dying. Maintenance is a myth. What this means is, if your company isn’t growing, it’s dying. This is a sobering reality for many of us. I learned the hard way, and my businesses suffered for a long time because of it. Let me explain. The market is continuously growing. The stock market grows at 9 percent per year. If we aren't growing at 9 percent per year, we are falling behind. “Maintenance,” in the most generic sense, would be 9 percent growth year over year. Furthermore, if you’re in a growing marketplace, then you might have to grow at 20-30 percent per year, just to keep up, or risk falling behind. So you can see how maintenance is a myth. So, then,what does it take to grow? Thankfully, just three simple things: 1. Get more customers 2. Increase their average purchase value 3. Get them to buy more times That’s it. Sure, there are lots of ways to acquire customers and zillions of ways to increase order value and purchase frequency, but, simply put, that’s it. Those are the only three ways to grow. Example: If I sell 10 clients a month, and a client is worth $1,000 to me over their lifetime (through avg cart value x avg number of purchases), then my business will cap at $10,000/mo (10 x $1,000). 10 New Clients/mo x $1000 Lifetime Value = $10,000/mo max revenue. If you want to grow, you’ve got to either sell more clients every month (while maintaining suitable margins) or have them be worth more (by increasing the profit per purchase or number of times they buy). That’s it. Author Note - Only Two Ways to Grow To simplify this concept even more. There are really only two ways to grow: get more customers, and increase each customer’s value. “Increasing each customer’s value” has two sub-buckets: 1) Increasing profit per purchase 2) Increasing the number of times they buy. For the purpose of this book, I highlight both of those sub-buckets as individual growth paths. I did this because I think it will be easier to understand the money models that will come in Volume III. All three — getting more customers, increasing their average purchase value, and getting them to buy more — are repeated themes in this book. But if you seek simplicity, both increasing average purchase value and increasing the number of times a customer buys results in one outcome: increasing each customer’s value. Business Terms Before going any further, and to better flesh out the concepts that follow, we should take a second to define and better understand some key business concepts. When I stood in that Las Vegas penthouse in my “beast mode” t-shirt I was clueless about such terms. Let me help you be better than, well, me. Gross Profit: The revenue minus the direct cost of servicing an ADDITIONAL customer. If I sell lotion for $10 and it costs me $2, my gross profit is $8 or 80 percent. If I sell agency services for $1,000/mo and it costs me $100/mo in labor to run that client's advertising, then my gross profit is $900 or 90 percent. Note: This is not net profit. Net profit is what’s left over after all expenses are