# Heading: Full_Text (Part 38)
experienced it in order to give you a taste of the power. When I got into this world of acquisition, I saw mentors of mine selling days of time for $50,000+. My mind was blown for two reasons. First, because I didn’t understand how they could make so much money for a single day. Second, because I didn’t understand who in their right mind was buying it. Over time, I learned. I’ll start with the buyer. If I have a rare problem, and I must solve this problem for my own pursuit of happiness, it will consume all of my attention. By the nature of my problem being specialized, there will be very few people who can solve it. This means there is not a large supply of solvers. In many cases, I will perceive only one possible “solver” (Supply = 1). Real Life Value Case Study There are many people who can solve the problem: how do I make $10,000 per month? But far fewer who can solve: How can I add $5M in profit without adding any extra product lines to my business? (This was a real project that took me 60min and resulted in exactly $5M in bottom line profit by slightly altering the pricing model of the business). You could say the business owner was… “very happy” with the result of the engagement. Beyond that, if solving this problem speeds up my achievement of a goal by a year or two, or immediately results in me making hundreds of thousands of dollars, or millions of dollars, that solution becomes far more valuable, does it not? Of course it does. And so, it would follow, if I can pay someone $50,000 for a day of their time, and see an increase of $500,000 per month in revenue within three months because of the insights and strategies revealed, that would be a helluva return on investment, right? So there are two components to the value: first, how rare the sources are; second, the actual value being provided. The value and rarity compound to create some truly breathtaking profits. Specialized consultants are paid millions of dollars to solve problems worth tens of millions to clients. The client pays for all the experience and expertise the expert has and avoids the cost of errors (time and money). In short, they skip the bad stuff and go straight to the good stuff more quickly and for less money than it would cost to figure it out on their own . . . a beautiful economic exchange. I personally experienced this for the first time when I had two different people offer me $50,000 for a day of my time after speaking at an event. They were scaling an education business in a niche (not too dissimilar from my own) and could not get past the $1M per month mark. As someone who was doing $1M per week in the same business type (at the time), I was a very specific type of person with the keys to their problem. So what happened, you ask? Drum roll . . . I didn’t accept their offers. Why? Because I was making more than $50,000 per day in profit from my business and didn’t want the distraction. Author Note: It was years later that I started Acquisition.com to help these very people. But instead of charging a day rate, I simply become an equity holder in the company to completely align interests for short and long term (and so I can see the implementations through). And as my time is limited by the laws of physics, for everyone else below that $3M-$10M per year mark, I make all these materials for free :) After the event concluded and I was speaking with Leila, I realized how I had somehow become ‘one of those people I had always wondered about’. It was a very surreal experience for me. I finally understood how premium prices were truly made . . . simple supply and demand. There is little that substitutes for incredible demand. You can try and fake it, but there is a special type of “0 fucks given” vibe that’s hard to replicate when you truly do not need a person’s money (or even want it). That’s how these guys can charge so much . . . because they don’t need it. The person who needs the exchange less always has the upper hand. I always try to remember that. It’s one of the negotiating and pricing principles that has best served me in my life. “But Alex, how are you going to show me how to use scarcity to increase the amount of people who want my offer when currently no one does?” Great question. Let’s attack some real-world, in-the-trenches strategies to reliably create