# Heading: Full_Text (Part 19)
same struggle your contact has). I also had another guy who (dream outcome) and it was his first time. I’d just like more testimonials to show it works across different scenarios. Does anyone you like come to mind? (Pause if on the phone) …and if they say no…Haha, well…does anyone you hate come to mind? (ha) This helps break any awkwardness. There’s an important feature here. We’re not asking them to buy anything. We’re asking if they know anyone. And of the people who say yes, most say they are interested. This entire thing is engineered to boost their perceived likelihood of achievement. It’s why we show struggles and results from people like them who have struggles like theirs. But, we let them connect the dots. Since you didn’t ask them to buy anything, you don’t come off as pushy. Some people will show interest in your stuff. Some will refer you to those who might. Some will do both. In all three outcomes, you win. And you win without pushing anything on anyone. If you have even less time or space to deliver it, just use the value elements back to back: I help (ideal customer) get (dream outcome) in (time period) without (effort and sacrifice) and (increase perceived likelihood of achievement–look at the pro tip below). Note: These work well for emails, texts, direct messages, calls, and in-person. Just fill in the blanks. (Step 7) “How do I get them to say yes?” → Make it easy for them to say yes. Make it free. After people show interest, make your offer easy to say yes to. I like to start with the easiest offer enhancer in the world - FREE: And don’t try to look advanced if you’re not. People aren’t dumb. Just be honest and keep it simple: Since I’m only taking on five people, I can give you all the attention you need to get brag-worthy results. And I’ll give it all for free so long as you promise to: 1) Use it 2) Give me feedback and 3) Leave a killer review if you think it deserves one. Does that sound fair? This sets reasonable expectations upfront. And boom. Now, you’re just helping people for free. Winning. My recommendation - whenever you launch a new product or service - make the first five free. The exact number matters less than knowing why you benefit from it. Here’s why: 1. You get the reps in and become comfortable with making offers to people. It’ll calm your nerves knowing you’re just helping…for free…for now (winky face). 2. You probably suck (for now). People are far more forgiving when you haven’t charged anything. 3. Because you probably suck, you need to learn how to suck less. You suck less by doing more. It’s better to have a few guinea pigs to get the kinks out. You’ll learn a ton from the people you help for free, I promise. Even though it may not feel like it now, you’re getting the better end of the deal. 4. If people get value, especially for free, they’re far more likely to: a. Leave positive reviews and testimonials. b. Give you feedback. c. Send their friends and family. And if that’s not awesome enough, free customers can make you money in three other ways: 1) They convert into paying customers. 2) They send you paying customers via referrals. 3) Their testimonials bring in paying customers. So no matter what, you win. What if they say no? Often, the most expensive part of what you sell isn’t the price–it's the hidden costs. Hidden costs are the time, effort, and sacrifice it takes to get results from the thing you sell. In other words, the bottom part of the value equation. If you struggle to give your stuff away for free, it means either people don’t want it (dream outcome), they don’t believe you (perceived likelihood of achievement) or the hidden costs (time, effort and sacrifice) are too high. In short, your ‘free’ stuff is too expensive. So figure out the hidden costs. Once you do, you unlock even more value–that you’ll eventually be able to charge for. To build your understanding of hidden costs… ask. So when someone says “no” ask “why?”: “What would I have to do to make it worth it for you to continue?” Their answers give you a chance to solve their problem. And if you solve that problem, they’ll probably buy from you. And even if they don’t buy from you, they’ll give you the ammo to get the next person to. And remember, failure is a requisite for success. It’s part of the process. So rack up failures as fast as you can. Get them out of the way to start paying down your “no tax.”