# Heading: Full_Text (Part 21)
as of this writing, is still two times the median household income in the US. Not bad. You’ll learn more in the first ten days of doing 100 reach outs than you did from everything you’ve ever read or watched. Get that learning done as fast as you can. Remember, we want to get rich, not just “get by.” What’s Next? Warm reach outs have two limitations. The first is time. When you're starting out, getting new customers should take the majority of your time. Think four hours per day, minimum. It should be the first thing you do when you get up. And you shouldn’t stop until you achieve your goal. Embrace the work. It will be part of the story you tell one day. It has been for me. The second limiter is the number of people who know you. You’ll eventually “run out.” Don’t worry though. We can get more. A lot more. Now we add the second of the core four advertising activities: posting free content. #2 Post Free Content Part I How To Build An Audience To Get Engaged Leads No one’s ever complained about getting too much value. January 2020 “Did you hear about Kylie Jenner?” Leila asked. “No, why?” I replied. “She’s now the youngest female self-made billionaire.” “Wait, what?” “Yea, she’s twenty. Forbes just put her on the cover.” I was ten years older than her and not a billionaire. Why do I suck so much? How could she make so much more than me? I thought I was pretty good at business–we took home $13M in personal income the year before. But, I was clearly missing something. And I felt horrible about it. My ego protected me… Well, Kris Jenner is her mother and she must have organized all this. I wrote it off as “rich parents” and moved on. A few months later… Leila looked up from her computer. “Dude - Huda just sold a minority stake in her company at a $600M valuation.” “Huda, the makeup girl?” I replied. “Yea.” “Holy cow.” Again? How have I been screwing up so bad? How was someone so young making so much more money than me? …She’s in beauty, she can do that, I can’t. I told myself, then carried on. A few months later… A headline caught my eye: “Conor McGregor’s Proper 12 whiskey hits a $600M valuation within 12 months of launching.” Seriously!? - Another person making gobs of money in what felt like seconds. A few months later… I saw another headline. “With an Insane $3.5 Billion Worth, Dwayne Johnson’s ‘Teremana’ Sweeps the Floor With Conor McGregor’s ‘Proper 12′.” Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson was now a multi-billionaire. And he never even talked about business! What am I doing wrong? A few months later… at a famous friend’s house… Up to this point, I stayed behind the scenes for the most part. I did not want to be famous. I wanted to be rich. And I succeeded at that. But seeing these successes chipped away at my beliefs. Could building a personal brand be that powerful? Simple answer - yes. But, I wanted my privacy… We sat around his kitchen table, and I asked him, “You get all these weird messages from strangers. People threaten your family. Are you still happy you became famous?” He replied with something that changed my life forever: “If getting weird messages and hate from people I don't know is the price I have to pay to make the impact I want to have, I’d pay that price any day of the week.” I felt exposed. I was being a pansy. I claimed I wanted to make the impact, but wasn’t willing to pay the price for it. After that conversation, Leila and I went all in on building personal brands. *** I have a core belief I’d like to transfer to you. If someone is making more money than you, they are better at the game of business in some way. Take it as good news. It means you can learn from them. Don’t think they had it easy. Don’t think they had a shortcut. Don’t tell yourself they broke some moral code. Even if it’s true, none of those beliefs serve you. None of those beliefs make you better. Years ago, I was vocal about “making content.” I didn’t see the point. Why would I waste my time making something that would disappear in a few days? I thought it was a stupid waste of time and let everyone know. I was wrong. It really wasn’t about the content at all - it was about the audience. What I didn’t understand was - the content you create isn’t the compounding asset - the audience is. So even though the content may disappear in