# Heading: Full_Text (Part 38)
profit per new client, we would make a 10:1 return. That’s how cold outreach works. Then, you just add bodies. It is boring and tedious, but brutally effective. This Sounds Hard, Why Bother? Most people dramatically underestimate the amount of volume it takes to use cold outreach. They also underestimate how long it takes. But there are seven enormous benefits to using cold outreach: 1) You don’t need to create lots of content or ads. You focus only on one perfectly crafted message you convey to all your prospects. Your only goal is to make that one message better every day. There is no ‘ad fatigue’ or ‘banner blindness’ since your prospects have never seen anything from you. So, you don't need to be a marketing genius to make this work. 2) Your competition won’t know what you’re doing. Everything is private. By that fact alone, you can continue to operate in secrecy. You are not educating your competitors about how you acquire customers. They don’t know what you're doing, or even, that you exist. 3) It’s incredibly reliable. All you have to do to get more is do more. A certain amount of input creates a certain number of responses. It becomes like clockwork, bringing a reliable flow of new engaged leads into your world. You can reverse engineer the amount of sales you want to make to the number of inputs at the top of your lead pathway. Eventually you’ll have an equation: for every X people contacted, you get Y customers. Then, you simply solve for X. Ex: Let’s say for every 100 emails, I get one customer. If I want 100 customers, I need to send 10,000 emails. That’s 333 per day. One person can send 111 emails a day. Therefore, I need three people sending emails every day to get 100 customers per month. 4) Fewer platform changes. Private communication is rarely subject to platform changes. Whereas public platforms change rules and algorithms every day. You gotta stay on top of rule changes to remain effective. In contrast, rules for cold calling, door knocking, and cold email have hardly changed in thirty years. 5) Compliance is less painful. Many platforms have stringent rules around claims you can make about the stuff you sell. Some also ban certain industries altogether (tobacco, firearms, cannabis, weight loss, etc.). With cold outreach, you don't need to deal with any of this. You still need to be FTC compliant, but you don’t also need to worry about platform rules on top. This makes life easier. If you have a phone, you can make money. If you have an email account, you can get leads. This makes you very hard to stop. 6) No spokesperson = Sellable business. If an investor can buy it from you without worrying your business will stop getting customers if you leave….your business is far more valuable. Having an established outreach team is how we were able to sell Gym Launch. The business could grow without me dancing in front of the camera or relying on me being super ridiculously good looking (ha!). I don’t think they would have wanted to buy us without it, or at least, not for as much. 7) Hard to copy. Even if someone wants to copy your entire cold outreach system, they’ll often need to learn how to do each step. And, many steps are invisible. They don't know how you scrape your lists. They don't know how you personalize your messages. They don’t know what softwares you use to distribute the messages etc. On top of that, they’d still need to learn how to hire, train, and operate a team of people who can do each step. Once you have a head start, it compounds with time. It becomes very hard to catch you. Your Turn If you recall our advertising checklist this kicks off your journey to get more engaged leads with cold outreach. You start this as you run out of people to advertise to, or, because you just want more. Here’s a sample. Next Up Now that you have set your commitment for this cold outreach method, we move onto the last thing a single person can do to advertise: run paid ads. #4 Run Paid Ads Part I: Making An Ad How To Publicly Advertise to Strangers Advertising is the only casino where, with enough skill, you become the house. June 2013. “Let’s try some Facebook ads for the gym.” I spouted. Sam’s eyebrow went up. “They don’t work. I already tried.” Now this was the brief time between quitting my “real job” and starting my first gym. I wanted some experience. So I cold-emailed more than 40 gym owners for a chance to shadow them. Sam was the only one who responded to my