# Heading: Full_Text (Part 26)
value don’t happen in a vacuum. They happen together, in combination. So let’s look at a few examples that utilize all four components of value at once. In an effort to quantify the value, I’ll rate them on a binary scale of 0 or 1. 1 being value achieved. 0 being missing. Then I will add all four together to give you a relative value rating of a type of service. Our goal as marketers and business owners is to increase the value of the dream outcome and its perceived likelihood of achievement, while decreasing the time delay of achievement and the effort and sacrifice one has to put in to get there. To start I will do a side by side comparison of two “vehicles” with identical Dream outcomes: Meditation and Xanax. Both offer the buyer relaxation, decreased anxiety, and feelings of well-being. I will demonstrate how the other three variables dramatically shift the value of delivering that dream outcome and ultimately, the price. Example: Dream Outcome: “Relaxation,” “Decreased Anxiety,” “Feelings of well-being” Meditation vs Xanax And that is why Xanax is a multi-billion dollar product while I know of almost no multi-billion dollar meditation businesses . . . value. I'm not here to argue about whether meditation is better than Xanax (obviously it is) but that doesn't mean it’s perceived as more valuable. This is also the reason that the supplement industry ($123B, Grandview Research) is twice the size of the health club industry ($62B, IHRSA). They both accomplish the same perceived objectives — “being healthy,” “losing weight,” “looking good,” “increased energy,” etc. — but one is perceived as more valuable because it has lower “costs.” People are more willing to pay $200 for supplements than they are a $29/mo membership. Taking a pill, or drinking a shake, is so much faster and easier than going to the gym everyday. Hence . . . valued. Crazy world we live in. And you can either sit there and make “complain” posts about how people “ought” to be a certain way. Or you can take advantage of the way people are and capitalize. This book is for those people who want to be victors, not victims of circumstances. You can either be right or you can be rich. This book is for getting rich. If that bothers you, just put this down and go back to arguing against human nature. Hint: You’re not gonna change it. Now, that being said, knowing what people value versus what is good for them is key. It means you can find ways to monetize the things that people value in order to give them what they really need. Win-win. You can make your dent in the universe while making a profit. 7 FREE GOODWILL “He who said money can’t buy happiness, hasn’t given enough away.” UNKNOWN P eople who help others (with zero expectation) experience higher levels of fulfillment, live longer, and make more money. I’d like to create the opportunity to deliver this value to you during your reading or listening experience. In order to do so, I have a simple question for you... Would you help someone you’ve never met, if it didn’t cost you money, but you never got credit for it? If so, I have an ‘ask’ to make on behalf of someone you do not know. And likely, never will. They are just like you, or like you were a few years ago: less experienced, full of desire to help the world, seeking information but unsure where to look….this is where you come in. The only way for us at acquisition.com to accomplish our mission of helping entrepreneurs is, first, by reaching them. And most people do, in fact, judge a book by its cover (and it’s reviews). If you have found this book valuable thus far, would you please take a brief moment right now and leave an honest review of the book and its contents? It will cost you zero dollars and less than 60 seconds. Your review will help…. ….one more entrepreneur support his or her family. ….one more employee find work they find meaningful. ….one more client experience a transformation they otherwise would never have encountered. ….one more life change for the better. To make that happen...all you have to do is….and this takes less than 60 seconds….leave a review. If you are on audible - hit the three dots in the top right of your device, click rate & review, then leave a few sentences about the book with a star rating. If you are reading on kindle or an e-reader - you can scroll to the bottom of the book, then swipe up and it will automatically prompt a review. If for some reason they have changed either functionality - you can go