# Heading: Full_Text (Part 30)
right. Try it. Benchmarks - How Well Am I Doing? If our audience grows, we did good. But if our audience grows fast, we did gooder. So I like to measure my audience size and speed of growth monthly. Here’s what I measure: 1) Total followers and reach - How big a) Follower Example: If I go from 1000 followers across all platforms to 1500, I grew my audience by 500. b) Reach Example: If I go from 10,000 people seeing my stuff to 15,000 people seeing my stuff, I grew my reach by 5,000 people. 2) Rate of getting followers and reach - How fast You compare the growth between months: a) Example: If I gained those 500 followers in a month, that would make it a 50% growth month. (500 New / 1000 Started = 50% growth rate). b) Example: If I reached those 5000 extra people in a month, that would make it a 50% growth month. (5000 New / 10,000 Started = 50% growth rate) Remember, we can only control inputs. Measuring outputs is only useful if we are consistent with inputs. So, pick the posting cadence you want to stick with on a particular platform. Then pick your ‘ask’ cadence on that platform (how you will direct people to become engaged leads). Then, start, and…Do. Not. Stop. For reference, I posted a new podcast twice a week for four years before even getting picked up on the Top 100 list. Because I did the same thing every week for years, I knew I could trust the feedback. In the beginning, it didn't grow much. It took time for me to get better. And I knew I had to make more, over a long time, for that to happen. So if your listeners go from ten to fifteen in a month, that’s progress baby! Even with small absolute numbers, that’s fifty percent monthly growth! It’s why I like to measure both the absolute and relative growth and pick the one that makes me feel better (ha!). As my friend Dr. Kashey says, “The more ways you measure, the more ways you can win.” Be consistent. Measure a lot. Adapt to feedback. Be a winner. To close the loop, in its fifth year, my podcast- The Game, became a Top 10 podcast in the US for business and top 500 in the world. This was only possible after 5 years of multiple podcasts per week every week. Remember, everyone starts at zero. You just gotta give time, time. Your First Post You’ve probably been providing value to other humans knowingly or unknowingly for a while. So the first post you make, you can make an ask. My hope is that it gets you your first engaged lead. If it doesn’t, you need to give for a while, then make an ask once you’ve earned the right to. To show you that I’m not making this up, below you can find my first business post ever. Is it ideal? No. I had no idea what I was doing. Should you copy it, probably not. Main point: don’t be afraid of what other people think. If someone won’t speak at your funeral, you shouldn’t care about their opinion while you’re alive. Honor the few who believe in you by having courage. Whenever I read this, I just think “you goon.” But hey, I was trying. And for that, I’m proud. Recap We covered eight things: 1) The Content Unit - done 2) Short vs. Long Form Content – done 3) Mastering the Give:Ask Ratio – done 4) How to Ask – done 5) How to Scale It – done 6) Lessons From Content – done 7) Benchmarks – done 8) Your First Post – done Now, you know. Nothing’s stopping you. So What Do I Do Right Now? Posting free content is less predictable than, but complementary to, warm reach outs. So keep doing warm reach outs. Also, posting free content grows your warm audience. And a bigger warm audience means more people for warm reach outs. So free content gets engaged leads on its own and keeps getting engaged leads through warm reach outs. Instead of ditching one for the other, I recommend you post free content in addition to warm reach outs. Let’s fill out our daily action commitment for our first platform. Next Up First, we start with warm outreach. We reach out to every person we have permission to contact. Second, we post publicly about the successes and lessons we have from our first clients. We post testimonials. We provide value. Then occasionally ask. We commit to doing both of these activities every day. With these two methods alone can eventually build a six- or sevenfigure business. But you may want to go faster. So