# Heading: Full_Text (Part 33)
voicemails. All these are examples of cold outreach that have made companies zillions. It worked 100 years ago. It works today. And when the platforms change, it’ll work tomorrow. Cold outreach has one key difference from warm outreach: trust. Strangers don’t trust you. And compared to people who know us, strangers present three new problems. 1) First, you don't have a way to contact them. Duh. 2) Second, even if you can contact them, they ignore you. 3) Third, even if they give you their attention, they’re not interested. Let me describe what these problems look like in the real world. If you’re knocking on doors, you don't have the addresses. Then, even if you do, they don't open the door when you knock. If they open, they still tell you to pound sand. If you’re making cold calls, you don't have their phone numbers. Even if you do, they don't pick up. If they pick up, they hang up on you. If you're sending cold emails, you don’t have their email addresses. Even if you do, they don’t open the email. Even if they do, they don’t respond. If you’re sending direct messages, you don’t have a place to send it. Even if you do, they don’t read it. Even if they read it, they don’t reply. If you’re sending voice memos or text messages, you don’t have their numbers. Even if you do, they don’t read or listen to it. Even if they read or listen to it, they don’t reply. Now that we got that out of the way, the order we solve these problems is: 1) Get a way to contact them 2) Figure out what to say 3) Contact them until they’re ready and able to listen The Result. We find lots of ways to contact the most qualified strangers. We reach out to a lot of them in a lot of ways a lot of times. Then, we overwhelm them with value upfront to get them to show enough interest to move forward. Cold outreach is a numbers game. The more people you reach out to the more engaged leads you get. Once we figure out how much outreach it takes to engage a lead, then we only have one thing to do…more. Let’s go hunting! As there are three new problems strangers introduce, I’ve divided this chapter into three steps. One step per problem. First, we get a targeted list of leads. Next, we need to know what to say to get them to reply. Third, we make up for a lower response rate by increasing the volume and type of our reach out attempts. Problem #1: “But how do I contact them?” →Build a List Up until this point, from warm reach outs and posting free content, you’ve had to accept the leads that came to you from your warm audience. No more. With cold outreach, unlike any other way of advertising, we get to be as specific as we want. Only want to talk to hedge fund managers managing over $1B? Done. You can do that. Only want to speak with golf apparel retail store owners over $3M in sales? Done. Only want to talk to influencers who get over 50,000 unique page views per month? Done. Now we get to pick our targets rather than them picking us. Now, you probably don’t have a way to reach out to 1000 perfect fit strangers. And if we’re gonna get them to buy from us, we’ve gotta first find a way to contact them–duh. So let’s solve that problem first. There are three different ways I get my targeted lead lists. First, I use software to scrape a list of names. Second, I pay brokers to assemble me a list of targeted leads. And if neither of those work, I manually scrape a list of names myself. Here’s the process. Step #1 Softwares: I subscribe to as many softwares as I can that scrape leads from different sources. I search them all based on my criteria. The software then spits out names, job titles, contact information, etc. I try out a representative sample, say a few hundred from each software I use. Then, if the contact information is up to date, the leads are responsive, and they are the type of person the software claims them to be, bingo! Then I get as many leads as the software will give me. But if I can’t seem to find the right audience, I move onto step two. Step #2 Brokers: I go to multiple list brokers and ask them to make me a list based on my audience criteria. They then send me a sample. I test out sample lists from each of the brokers. If I get good results from one or