# Heading: Full_Text (Part 35)
in the door to get the sale. Basically one to three pieces of information we can find that a friend might know about the prospect. Then we want to complement them on it, and ideally, show them how it benefited us. People like people who like them. Even if someone doesn’t know you, they’ll give you more time if you know something about them. This comes in handy for personal subject lines on emails, the first few messages in chat, or the first few sentences someone hears. Even if someone doesn’t know you, they will appreciate the time you took to research them before contacting them. This tiny effort goes a long way. Action step: Do a little research on each lead before you send them a message. We can do this ourselves, pay people to do it for us, or use software. Batch this work. Then, use your notes to figure out the first thing you’ll open with to feel more familiar. b) They Don’t Trust Us→Big Fast Value. The key difference between people who know you and strangers is…strangers give you far less time to prove your worth. And, they need a lot more incentive to move towards you. So make your life easier by “giving away the farm.” We’re not trying to tickle their interest, we’re trying to blow their minds in under thirty seconds. Like warm reach outs, you can directly make your offer, or offer a lead magnet, or both. It gives the person a strong reason to respond. I specifically call out ‘big fast value’ rather than “your lead magnet” as a reminder that it needs to be BIG FAST VALUE. If it’s not, or it’s mediocre, you’ll blend in with the ocean of people trying to get their attention. And they’ll treat you the same–they’ll ignore you. Here’s how much it matters: The first four months of cold outreach felt like torture. We offered a game planning session as our lead magnet. Some gyms took us up on it, but most didn’t. We needed something better. I tested many parts of our process but swapping the lead magnet blew everything else out of the water. We swapped from “game planning” code for “sales call” - to actually giving them as much free service as we could possibly afford. Our take rates 3x’d and cold outreach became a monster channel for us. If your offer/lead magnet isn’t working for you, up the ante. Keep offering more until you make it so good they feel stupid saying no. They either buy from you or have nice things to say about you. Winwin. If you forget everything about this chapter, remember one thing: the goal is to demonstrate big value as fast as possible. Give yourself a downhill battle by giving away something crazy. Give away something for free people would normally pay for and they will want it. Note: I didn’t say, “so good they should pay for it,” I said, “stuff they actually pay for.” Big difference. Take this to heart and your results will show it. Action Step: Provide the biggest fastest value you can afford to with your lead magnet or offer. Then, write your scripts. And don’t worry, I got your back there. To give you a headstart, I provide sample phone, email, and direct message scripts at the end of the chapter. Note: Phone and chat scripts are never more than a page or two, and cold emails rarely more than half a page. So don’t overthink it. There are no awards for prettiest script. Get your first 100 conversations or 10,000 emails out of the way before tweaking it. Get testing. Then tweak as you learn. Problem #3: “I’m not getting enough chances to tell people about my amazing stuff, what do I do?” → Volume Once we have our list of names, personal info, and our big sexy lead magnet, we need to get more strangers to see it. We do this in three ways. First, we automate delivery to the greatest extent possible. Next, we automate distribution to the greatest extent possible. Finally, we follow up more times in more ways. a) Automated Delivery. To the extent that we can, automating delivery unlocks huge scale as someone doesn’t need to literally communicate the message to the prospect. This means you get more engaged leads per unit of time (even if fewer engage by overall percentage). Remember, you have far more people who don’t know you than people who do. So you don’t have to worry as much about ‘burning through an audience.’ Here’s what the difference between manual and automated delivery looks like. Manual Examples: A live person can say a script to someone over the phone. You can send a personal voice memo to each lead.