# Heading: Full_Text (Part 35)
entire process to accomplish one objective: to create a valuable offer that is differentiated and unable to be compared to anything else in the marketplace. We are selling something unique. As such, we are no longer bound by the normal pricing forces of commoditization. Prospects will now only make a value-based rather than a price-based decision on whether they should buy from us. Hoorah! Now that we have our core offer, the next section will be dedicated to enhancing it. We will employ a combination of psychological levers: bonuses, urgency, scarcity, guarantees, and naming. Free Gift #6: BONUS Tutorial: Offer Creation Part II: If you want to walk through the profit maximizing trimming & stacking process with me live, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers and select “Creating Offers Part 2”. You’ll also find some checklists I made to make this process more streamlined for you so you can reuse for each product you make. As always, it’s absolutely free. Enjoy. SECTION IV: ENHANCING YOUR OFFER SCARCITY, URGENCY, BONUSES, GUARANTEES, AND NAMING 11 ENHANCING THE OFFER: SCARCITY, URGENCY, BONUSES, GUARANTEES, AND NAMING “But wait . . . there’s more, if you order today . . . ” EVERY INFOMERCIAL IN THE 90S May 2019. Arnold Scwarzenegger’s home. A fter School All Stars Fundraiser. The line of cars outside Arnold’s house was around the corner . . . and we were in one of them. We were sitting in our Uber when a security guard with an earpiece, black suit, and black sunglasses knocked on the driver’s window. It was like straight out of a movie. The driver rolled down the window. “Name?” “Alex and Leila Hormozi.” He scanned the list on his clipboard, nodded, then checked off our names. “Great,” he said. His demeanor transformed from stern to inviting. “Welcome to the fundraiser. Stay in this line. You’ll make a left, then security will escort you the rest of the way.” The security guard talked into his walkie talkie to the next post down the road, signaling our car was approved. Pulling up to the front of the estate was like entering into a Bond movie. Lamborghinis, Bugattis, Ferraris, and brands of cars that are too expensive to even speak of. Old guys with young, scantily-clad girls. A-List Actors. Celebrities with millions of followers who were recording themselves as they arrived, talking through their iphones to their audiences. And us. The fundraiser was $25,000 per ticket to attend, with an invite list of only 100. There was a red carpet and all. Every year, the fundraiser culminated in a big auction for memorabilia and items some of the business owners in the audience gave away for charity. We walked around looking at the entertainment stations purposely devised to get donors in the “giving mood.” We saw $10,000 scotches . . . $500 cigars . . . pre-released items from major brands that wouldn’t be available to the public until months later. And, of course, the most expensive cuisine you could imagine. Leila and I were just soaking it all in. It was a wonderful night. We definitely felt like cool kids. Ben, the CEO of the charity, saw us looking lost and walked over. He took me by the arm to introduce me to some of the other donors. These were all men who were older than me and donating $100,000 and up without a second thought. The man he introduced me to was one of the charity’s biggest donors. He had built an ultra-high end jewelry and watch business. I’m talking $100,000, $500,000, $2,000,000+ rare status symbols that people buy only so other .001 percenters know they belong. He had donated upwards of $700,000 in merchandise as prizes for the fundraiser that evening. “Alex and Leila, meet George,” Ben said. “He’s been very generous with his time and money to the cause. George, this is Alex and Leila Hormozi. They’re donating $1,000,000 tonight to ASAS. I figured you are both good people and wanted to connect you two.” “Nice to meet you both,” George said with calm, weathered eyes. He was in his late sixties, tall and sturdily built. You could hear his eastern block origins in his accent. He sounded like a man who had fought tooth and nail to be here, but had softened his demeanor for gatherings such as these. But the tiger with teeth and claws remained under the surface, ready to be called upon at a moment’s notice. I felt like I understood this guy. Ben broke the ice. “So….George was the one who got me to raise the price from $15,000 per ticket to $25,000. We had more demand than ever this year. But I took his advice. I cut the amount of tickets we sold and raised the prices.” “That’s right,” said George, content that