# Heading: Full_Text (Part 41)
outside that range. If you sell car parts then show your ad during car shows and on car channels. If only people with pets buy your thing, then include pets as an interest. Basic filters on top of the platformgenerated lookalike audience are a simple way to get more of the right people to see your ads. End result: more efficient ads. The more filters you use, the more specific the list. The more specific the list, the more efficient your ads but the faster you will “burn” through it. However, this specificity sets you up to get more wins early on. The wins from smaller specific audiences now give you the money to advertise to larger and broader audiences later. This is how you scale. Action Steps: Bring all your lead lists together into one place. Separate them by past and previous customers, warm outreach, and cold outreach. Eventually, you’ll have a list of people that engaged with your paid ads by giving you contact information but didn’t buy. That’ll come in handy. Then, if the platform allows, use these lists in order of quality to create your lookalike audience. Then, if the platform also allows, add filters on top of your lookalike audience to target an even higher percentage of people to engage with your ad. If you are incapable of making a lookalike audience, then simply start by targeting interests. Step #3 “But what should my ad say?” → Call Out + Value + Call to Action (CTA) To this day, I don’t change the channel when I see an ad. I rarely mute ads or skip ads. In fact, I have no premium subscriptions that remove ads on any media platforms either. Main reason: I want to consume the ads. I want to see how businesses do three things. 1) How they call out their ideal customers. 2) How they present the value elements. 3) How they give their audience a call to action. When I look at ads this way, it turns what was once an everyday nuisance (ads) into a continuous learning experience. Consuming ads on purpose, with the core elements in mind, makes me a better advertiser. And it will make you a better one too. Let’s use the three chunks to make an ad. 1) Call Outs - I need to get them to notice my ad 2) Value - I need to get them interested in what I have to offer 3) Calls to Action - I need to tell them what to do next 1) Call Out: People noticing your ad is the most important part of the ad…by a lot. The purpose of each second of the ad is to sell the next second of the ad. And the headline is the first sale. As David Ogilvy says “After you’ve written your headline, you’ve spent eighty cents of your advertising dollar.” Focus your effort front to back. As crazy as this sounds (and all the pros are nodding their heads), my advertising became 20x more effective when I focused the majority of my effort on the first five seconds. We need the audience’s eyes and ears just long enough for them to realize “this is for me, I’ll keep paying attention.” This “first impression” is the part of the ad I test the most. Imagine you’re at a cocktail party in a big ballroom. Lots of people talking in groups. Loud music playing in the background. In all that noise, a single sound pierces through it all and you turn around. Wanna know the sound? Your name. You hear it, and instantly look for the source. Scientists call it the ‘cocktail party effect’. In simple terms, even when there’s tons of stuff going on, a single thing can still catch and hold our attention. So our goal with callouts is to harness the cocktail party effect and cut through all the noise. After all, if they never notice your ad, nothing else matters. A callout is whatever you do to get the attention of your audience. Call outs go from hyperspecific - to get one person’s attention - to not at all specific - to get everyone’s attention. Let me explain. If someone drops a tray of dishes, everyone looks. If a child yells “MOM!”, then the moms look. If someone says your name, only you look. But again, they all get attention. And I try to make my call outs specific enough to get the right people and broad enough to get as many of them as I can. So pay close attention to how advertisers use call outs, especially the ones targeting your audience. Here’s what I look for with verbal callouts- using words to get attention: 1) Labels: A word or set of words putting people