# Heading: Full_Text (Part 26)
you know if you succeeded: your audience grows. If it’s not growing, your stuff isn’t that good. Practice and you’ll get better. Action Step: Provide more value than anyone else. Make good on your promises. Clearly satisfy the hook you used to get their attention. In other words, completely answer the unresolved questions you embedded in their minds. So what’s the difference between short and long form content? Answer: not much. If you recall from earlier, the smallest amount of material it takes to hook, retain and reward attention is a content unit. So to create a longer piece of content, we simply link content units together. For example, a single step in a five-step list might be a content unit. When we link all five together, we have a longer piece of content. Here’s a visual to drive it home. Shorter content hooks, retains, rewards fewer times. Longer content does it more times. And doing it more times takes more skill because you have to string more “good” content units in a row. For example, a new comedian typically will only get a few minutes on stage to perform their “bit.” Only a master comic gets an hour. It takes practice to reward attention just often enough to keep it for that long. So, start small, then build from there. Even if you start with longer content, which is fine, I suggest starting with shorter versions. You’ll have an easier go of it. Many successful authors with epic-length novels started by writing…you guessed it…short stories. Once you understand how to make a content unit, all you have to do is more. Then, your audience will grow. And once your audience grows big enough, you may want to monetize it. I had too much to say to fit into one chapter, so we’ll talk about how to monetize the audience in the next one. See you there. #2 Post Free Content Part II Monetize Your Audience “Give-give-give, give-give-give, until they ask” The point of this chapter is to show you how to monetize your warm audience. First, we talk about how we can make offers and not be a spam monster - mastering the give : ask ratio. Then we’ll talk about the two offer strategies to monetize the audience. After that, I’ll talk about how to scale your output so you can grow a bigger audience faster and make even more money. Then, I’ll share a bunch of lessons I’ve learned in building my own audience that I wish I had known sooner. Finally, I’ll wrap this up with how you can take action on everything today. Mastering the Give : Ask ratio Gary Vaynerchuk popularized “jab, jab, jab, right hook.” It simplifies the idea of giving to your audience many times before making an ask. You deposit goodwill with rewarding content, then withdraw from it by making offers. When you deposit goodwill, your audience pays more attention. When you deposit goodwill, your audience is more likely to do what you ask. So I try to “under-ask” my audience and build as much goodwill as possible. Thankfully, the give : ask ratio has been well-studied. Television averages 13 minutes of advertising per 60 minutes of air time. That means 47 min are dedicated to ‘giving,’ and 13 min are dedicated to ‘asking’. That’s roughly a 3.5:1 ratio of giving to asking. On Facebook, it’s roughly 4 content posts for every 1 ad on the newsfeed. This gives us an idea of the minimum give : ask ratio we can sustain. After all, television and Facebook are mature platforms. They care less about growing their audiences and care more about making money from them. So they give less and ask more. Which means “give, give, give, ask” is the ratio that gets us closer to maximally monetizing an audience without shrinking it. But, most of us want to grow, so we shouldn’t model them. We should model growing platforms. So what do growing platforms do? They display lots of content without many advertisements at all. In short, they give give give… give give give…give give give…give give give…maybe ask. They dramatically over give and under ask. Why? Because the more you reward your audience, the bigger it gets. So if you want to grow an audience, give far far more than you ask. And now that I have some experience with it, I’ve got a slight tweak on the traditional give-ask strategy that puts it on steroids: Give until they ask. People are always waiting for you to ask for money. And when you don’t, they trust you more. They share your stuff more. You grow faster, etc. But I’m not some altruistic saint. I’m here to make money. After all, I wouldn’t be a good businessman if I weren’t