# Heading: Full_Text (Part 51)
unlock those leads over and over again and now you can use it too. How To Get Even More Leads: More Better New First, you reach out to people who know you. Then, you start making free content. Then you start reaching out to people who don’t know you. Then you start running paid ads. This is how you do the core four to get engaged leads. And there’s really nothing else a single person can do on their own to get them. But what if you are doing the core four and still not getting as many engaged leads as you want? Well, worry not! There are two ways to boost any of the core four to get even more engaged leads on your own. I use these every time I want to increase the engaged lead flow in a portfolio company. They are easy to remember: More, Better, New. Simply stated: 1) You can do more of what you’re currently doing. 2) You can do what you’re currently doing better. 3) You can do it somewhere new. And, just like the story in the beginning with the agency owner, that's exactly what I was asking him. Could you advertise more? Could you advertise better? Could you advertise somewhere new? So let’s start with the one I actually do first: More. More You’ve done some advertising by now. And you know the advertising that you do works to some degree. So the next obvious thing you can do to get more engaged leads is - more. A lot more. Crank up the volume to your max capacity. Even with no improvements at all, if you double your inputs, you’ll get more engaged leads. Make twice the reach outs, post twice the content, run twice the ads, double the ad spend, etc. You won’t regret it. Unless, of course, you hate money. So while we’ll always focus on testing to make ourselves better, which we’ll get to in a moment, the biggest increases often come from advertising more. Here’s how I do more: The Rule of 100 The rule of 100 is simple. You advertise your stuff by doing 100 primary actions every day, for one hundred days in a row. That’s it. I don't make many promises, but this is one. If you do 100 primary actions per day, and you do it for 100 days straight, you will get more engaged leads. Commit to the rule of 100 and you will never go hungry again. Here’s what it looks like applied to each of the core four: Warm Reach Outs: 100 reach outs per day Example primary actions: email, text, direct message, calls, etc. Post Content: 100 minutes per day making content. Release at least one per day on a platform. As you get better, post even more. Example primary actions: short and long videos or articles, podcasts, infographics, etc. Cold Reach Outs: 100 reach outs per day Example primary actions: email, text, direct message, cold call, flyers, etc. As with all cold advertising, expect lower response rates, so use automation. Paid Ads: 100 minutes per day making paid ads Example primary actions: direct response media ads, direct mail, seminar, podcast spots, etc. 100 days straight of running those paid ads. Use the daily budget we calculated together in the paid ads chapter. Aim for Client Financed Acquisition. Here’s some inspiration from someone in #Mozination following the rule of 100: Better Getting better gets you more leads for the same effort. We want that. And you can only get better by doing one thing–testing. So you do more and more… until it breaks. Then, you make it better. In other words, if you do more for long enough, your CAC will eventually get too high to sustain. So you make a tweak and see if it improves. If it does, keep doing it. If it doesn’t, toss it out. Thousands of these tiny tests separate the winners from the beginners. Every action a lead takes before they become a customer is a potential “drop-off” point. So I do the most testing at whatever step the most leads drop off. I call these “constraints.” Constraints are the points where the smallest improvements create the biggest boost in results. That's why they're so important. We get the biggest bang for our buck. For example, if you have three steps in your process: 30% Optin (give you their contact information) 5% Apply ← This is the constraint because it has the biggest drop-off 50% Schedule But let’s ignore the constraint for a moment. Imagine we improve each step by 5% by itself. 30 + 5%→35% Optin = 16% Increase in leads (1.16x) 5 + 5%→10% Apply = 100% Increase in leads (2x) 50 + 5%→55% Schedule = 10% Increase in leads