# Heading: Full_Text (Part 25)
will release a book on sales. My favorite way to get the audience curious is to embed questions in their minds. Unresolved questions can be explicit or implicit. You can directly ask the question. Or, the question can be implied. My three favorite ways to embed questions are: lists, steps, and stories. a) Lists: Lists are things, facts, tips, opinions, ideas, etc. presented one after the other. Good lists in free content also follow a theme. Think “Top 10 Mistakes” or “5 Biggest Money Makers” and so on. Giving the number of listed items in your headline, or in the first few seconds of your content, tells people what to expect. And in my experience, this retains more of the audience's attention for longer. i) Example: “7 Ways I invested $1000 in my 20s That Paid Off Big” ii) Example: “28 Ways To Stay Poor” iii) Example: “A content unit has three pieces…”, b) Steps: Steps are actions that occur in order and accomplish a goal when completed. Provided the early steps were clear and valuable, the person will want to know how to do them all to accomplish the overall goal. i) Example: “3 Steps to Creating a Great Hook” ii) Example: “How I Create a Headline in 7 Steps” iii) Example: “The Morning Routine That Boosts My Productivity” Note: Here’s the difference between steps and lists. Steps are actions that must be done in a specific order to get a result. So steps are less flexible but have a more explicit reward. Lists can have just about anything on them in any order you want. So lists are more flexible but have a less explicit reward. c) Stories: Stories describe events, real or imaginary. And stories worth telling often have some lesson or takeaway for the listener. You can tell stories about things that have happened, might happen, or will never happen. All three drive curiosity because people want to know what happens next. i) Ex: Almost every chapter in this book has a story. ii) Ex: “My editor made me do 19 drafts of this book - here’s what I did to him.” iii) Ex: “My journey from sleeping on the bottom floor of a gym to the top floor of a 5-star hotel.” You can use lists, steps, and stories on their own or interweave them. For example, you can have lists within steps, and a story about each list item. You can have stories to reinforce the value of a step. You can have a list of stories or many ongoing storylines. Etc. Your creativity is the only limit here. That’s why people who make a lot of content call themselves content creators. This chapter, for example, has lists within steps and stories interweaving them. Action Step: Use lists, steps, and stories to keep your audience curious. Embed questions in their minds to make them want to know what happens next. 3) Reward Anyone can think of cool hooks and organize their content using lists, steps, or stories. But the real question is - is it good? Does it satisfy the reason they watched to begin with? Does it make people want to share it? How good your content is depends on how often it rewards your audience in the time it takes them to consume it. Think value per second. For example, the same person who gets bored three seconds into a ten-second video may also binge a 900-page book. And that same person may binge a television series for eight hours straight. So there is no such thing as too long, only too boring. Now, we can’t guarantee a specific reward. But, we can increase the chance reward happens by: Hooking the right audience with proper topics, headlines, and formatting Retaining them with lists, steps, and stories to get them curious and wanting more Clearly satisfying the reason the content hooked them to begin with. Example: If your hook promises “7 Ways to Make Up with Your Spouse” and you give: (A) four ways (B) seven ways that stunk (or they’ve heard them all before). (C) you’re talking to a room of single guys who don’t have spouses, you did a bad job of rewarding. People will not want to watch again, and certainly won’t share it. Example: If your hook promises “4 Marketing Strategies Dentists Can Use” and they can’t use them, they will not share it or watch your content in the future. You did a bad job of rewarding. Bottom line: I’ve had tons of content I thought would smash records but the audience smashed the next button instead. So no matter how good you think your content is, the audience decides. Rewarding your audience means matching or exceeding their expectations when they decide to consume your content. Here’s how