# Heading: Full_Text (Part 80)
hung up the phone. He called back. I let it ring. He never called again. That was the only call I got from the flyers. No leads. Nothing. Universe: 1. Alex: 0. A few weeks later I sat in the lobby of my gym waiting for customers to fall into my lap. Feeling bored, and a bit frustrated, I called the mentor with the ‘bright idea’ to put out flyers. “Hey Alex - how's it going?” “Uh, not too good.” “Why what's up?” “We put out the flyers like you said.” “Oh yea, how many leads you get from ‘em?” “None.” “Hmm…that’s odd.” He paused. “What was your test size?” “What do you mean?” “You know, how many did you put out?” “I put out 300.” I said in a resentful tone. “Shoot, you only put out 300? Hard to know if anything works with such a small number…I test with 5000. Then when we find a winner, we put out 5000 per day, every day, for a month…” Five thousand? He tests with almost seventeen times more than my entire “campaign.” And he does it in a single day. I felt like the person who says exercise doesn’t work after going to the gym one time. And I hate that person. “...I mean what kind of response did you think you were gonna get?” he chuckled. “If we get half a percent, that’s decent. If we get one percent, that’s a winner. With 300 flyers, half a percent would be like one and a half people. That makes it pretty hard to know if you got a winner or not.” I had nothing to say. He was right. I felt like a fool. I doubt he remembers the call. But, it stuck with me. I promised myself I would never let effort be the reason anything didn't work for me. It could be something else. The offer. The copy. The image. The targeting. The media. The platform. The position of the moon. But not. my. effort. Those 300 measly flyers taught me a mondo lesson. I did the right stuff, but I didn't do it enough times. I lacked what can be described in a single word: volume. Neil Strauss once said “Success comes down to doing the obvious thing for an uncommonly long period of time without convincing yourself you’re smarter than you are.” The right action in the wrong amount still fails. Most people, myself included, stop too soon. We don’t do enough. Most people dramatically underestimate the volume it takes to make advertising work. They're not doing half as much or a third as much as is required. In fact, they're doing dramatically less. I was doing 1/1500th the level of effort required to make a flyer campaign work–I just didn't know it. I hear this all the time. “Alex, I reached out to 100 people over the last six weeks, I only got one customer, it doesn’t work.” Response: “You did 1/42 of the amount of work required. It was 100 per day, not 100 over time.” Most people do not get that advertising is an inputs and outputs game. To them, outputs appear out of their control. Their low effort inputs get them their low and unreliable output of engaged leads. We’re ending that now. You input advertising effort. Your output is engaged leads. Period. Now, we are crystal clear on the stuff you do (the core four). And like we learned when maximizing the core four–You just gotta put in more and do it better than before. We started with the rule of 100–but when you make that the norm, you’re ready to take it to the next level with… Rule of 100 on Steroids–Open To Goal A very successful gym chain allowed their sales managers to make their own schedules. But there was a catch–they had to sign up five new members per day no matter what. So if they did it by lunch, they could cut out early. But if it took 18 hours, so be it. They called this type of work schedule ‘open-to-goal’. I’ve found that elite entrepreneurs and salespeople across industries do some variation of ‘open to goal’. This is because it’s like the rule of 100… but for the big kids. You don’t just commit to doing something a specific number of times… you commit to the work until you hit a specific number of outcomes–no matter what. So it means you unlock a whole new level of effort you never even realized you had. It might mean only doing something fifty times to get the desired result. Or, like the flyers, five thousand times, every day, for years. If you want to take your advertising to the next level - work until the job is done.