# Heading: Full_Text (Part 5)
but stared at the floor, embarrassed. “I’ve got nothing,” I said to her. “I’m a sinking ship, and you don’t have to stay with me.” She grabbed my chin and pulled my face towards hers so she could look into my eyes: “I would sleep with you under a bridge if it came to that.” I would have cried tears of joy, but I was so emotionally exhausted my response appeared apathetic. I wouldn’t stay with me. “Are we still gonna do these launches starting tomorrow?” She asked. “All my friends quit their jobs to do this.” She was being matter of fact, but it still stung. I felt defeated. “Listen, this could go horribly wrong, ” “I trust you. We’ll figure it out.” I had two things left at that point: a grand slam offer and an old business credit card with a $100,000 limit from when I had my gyms. On the day after Christmas (two days after the gut-wrenching call with the payment processor) we were scheduled to launch six new gyms . . . at the same time. Between airfare, hotels, rental cars, gas, and ad spend (all multiplied by six), I was going to be spending $3,300 per day of money I didn’t have. My last dollar had gone to paying my salesman. I still remember my hand shaking as the advertisements went live: Off→ ON. Just like that, I was going into debt at a rate of $412 dollars per working hour. Just like that, $3,300 per day began getting deducted from my account. -$3,300 . . . I now officially have nothing -$3,300 . . . I now have officially less than nothing -$3,300 . . . I have $10,000 less than nothing -$3,300 . . . This one decision is going to ruin my future forever. But things started shaping up. Here’s what happened that month (January 2017), as documented by my old processing records I dug up. You can see the month along the left column and the revenue collected that month along the right. We made $100,117! It was just enough to cover the $3,300/day that had been coming off the credit card. It was actually working. I could hardly believe it. I threw the hail mary, and the universe caught it. I went from looking up bankruptcy lawyers to figuring out what to do with $3,000,000 in profits, accrued within the first twelve months. It felt surreal. And in hindsight, it still kind of does. By the end of the year we were doing $1,500,000+/mo. Twelve months from then, $4,400,000/mo. Per. Month. Twenty-four months after that, we crossed $120,000,000 in sales, donated $2,000,000 to help fund equal opportunity in low income areas. We met and befriended Arnold Swarzenegger (lifelong hero) and were asked to be board members of his charity After School All Stars. Leila and I meeting with Arnold Schwarzengger at his home. We are now on the national board of his charity After School All Stars. Creating Grand Slam Offers has given us access to people we only dreamed of. Twelve months after that, we now have a portfolio of seven eight-figure, and multi-eight-figure companies across a variety of industries (photography, publishing, fitness, business consulting, beauty) and business types (brick & mortar chains, software, service, e-commerce, training & education). Our portfolio companies now do about $1,600,000 per week (and growing). I say this because I honestly can't believe it. All of this was because of a girl who believed in me, a credit card, and a Grand Slam Offer. I know I teleported you from rags to riches. And the natural question is how? That’s what I’m going to use the rest of this book (and remaining books & free courses in this Acquisition.com series) to break down. The skill of making offers saved me from bankruptcy and likely saved my life. I have made so many mistakes in my life. I’ve made so many bad life decisions. I’ve hurt people knowingly and mistakenly. I’ve done bad things with good intentions. I say this because I am human. I don’t pretend to have the answers. I have my own demons that I battle everyday. But, despite my many shortcomings, I’ve still managed to get really good at this one thing . . . and I’d like to share it with you. I can teach you how to build great offers. I don’t know who you are (yes, you, the one reading this). But thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for allowing me to do work I find meaningful. Thank you for giving me your most valuable asset ― your attention. I promise to do my best to give you a positive return on it. Here is your first piece of good news: if