# Heading: Full_Text (Part 71)
software company I grew with affiliates, to show how this works in the real world: ALAN grew with three levels of affiliates: 1) Agency super-affiliates who brought agency leads 2) Agencies who brought local business leads 3) Local businesses who brought end consumer leads One super-affiliate added ten agencies per month. The ten agencies brought in a combined fifty or so local businesses per month. Those local businesses brought in a combined 2500 leads per month. ALAN worked those leads for about $5 a pop. A cool $12,500 per month. But it didn’t stop there. Each super-affiliate brought in more agencies who brought in more local businesses who brought more leads every month after that. So every super-affiliate we signed on brought in $12,500 the first month, $25,000 the second, $37,500 the third, and so on. With only a few agency super-affiliates, we scaled to $1,700,000 per month within six months of launching. That’s why you want an affiliate army. So let’s build one. How To Build An Affiliate Army in Six Steps Affiliates are among the most advanced ways to get engaged leads. First, you have to convince them to advertise someone else's stuff. Second, you have to convince them to advertise your stuff. Third, you have to keep them advertising to make them a long-term lead source. It seems like a lot. And it is. But, I have good news… I’ve built two companies with affiliates: ALAN and Prestige Labs. Together, they have done more than $75,000,000 in revenue from over 5000+ affiliates. And the affiliate strategies I share worked for me. So they can work for you. I’ll break down each step. Step 1: Find Your Ideal Affiliates Step 2: Make Them an Offer Step 3: Qualify Them Step 4: Figure Out What To Pay Them Step 5: Get Them Advertising Step 6: Keep Them Advertising That’s it. Let’s dive in. Step 1: Find Your Ideal Affiliate The ideal affiliate has a business with a warm audience full of people like your customers. Start making a list of those businesses. If none come to mind, answer these questions about your best customers: What do they buy? → Who provides that stuff? Where do they go? → What businesses are in those surrounding areas? What do they like to do? → Who provides those services? If direct to consumer–the employers of your consumers could make great affiliates: What types of businesses do they work for? What kinds of jobs do they have? In a nutshell… Who’s got my leads!? For example, when I started ALAN, agency owners were my ideal affiliate. So I made a list of 200 products and services for agencies and the businesses that delivered them. After a little bit of work I realized they fit pretty neatly into categories: softwares, products, equipment, services, groups they belong to, and events they attended. Every time I create a new affiliate “hit list” I start with these categories. Note: If you find a business that falls into multiple categories, there’s a high chance they’ve got lots of good leads for you and that they’d make a great affiliate. Now that I knew the businesses that had my leads I knew exactly where to put my advertising efforts. It wasn’t fancy, so don’t overthink it. Action Step: Make a sheet with each of these questions and categories. Search online to fill it in. If you struggle, call up your customers and ask them! End result: Create a lead list of your highest potential affiliates. Step 2: Make Them An Offer We make the affiliate-offer and advertise it the same way we would any other offer. We call out our audience, show our value elements, and then call them to action. But affiliates will only sign up with us if we give them a strong reason. Thankfully, it’s pretty simple. Since affiliates are businesses, or start a business by signing up, you offer them a new way to make money. We’ll start with the callout. Call out: Call outs for potential affiliates often include: The affiliate business owners themselves - ATTENTION SPA OWNERS The affiliate’s customers - Do you work with busy professionals who spend all day in meetings? Results the affiliate businesses promise - To the heroes who heal the stress of others… Products and services the affiliates deliver - If you sell lotions or scented oils this is for you… To our own customers - Do you know anyone who owns a spa? Now that we can grab a potential affiliate’s attention - let’s make it worth their while… Elements Of Value There’s an unlimited number of ways to show value, but all money making offers follow a similar structure. That’s good news, we don't need to reinvent the wheel. Most affiliate money making offers show value