# Heading: Full_Text (Part 39)
scarcity . Creating Scarcity When there’s a fixed supply or quantity of products or services that are available for purchase it creates “scarcity” or a “fear of missing out.” It increases the need to take action, and by extension, purchase your offer. This is where you publicly share that you are only giving away X amount of products or can only handle Y new clients. For example, if a musician drops a limited edition hoodie and says he only made 100 and they will never be made again, are you more or less likely to buy it than one that is always available? More likely, naturally. The idea that you can never get it again makes it more desirable. This is an example of scarcity. It is the fear of missing out on something. It pulls on our psychological fear of loss to get us to take action. Humans are far more motivated to take action to hoard a scarce resource than they are to act on something that could help them. Fear of loss is stronger than desire for gain. We will wield this psychological lever to get your clients to buy in a frenzy, all at once, until you are sold out. Three Types of Scarcity 1. Limited Supply of Seats/Slots: in general or over X period of time. 2. Limited Supply of Bonuses 3. Never available again. But how do you use this properly without being phony? I’ll try and give you some real world examples Physical Products Having limited releases is a tried and true method of using this psychological bias to your advantage. You can have limited releases for flavors, colors, designs, sizes, etc. “This month, we are releasing 100 boxes of mint chocolate cookie flavored protein bars.” Important point: to properly utilize this method you should always sell out. Here’s why: it’s better to sell out consistently than over order and fail at creating that scarcity. This method stacks in effectiveness if it is done repeatedly over time (just not too often). Once a month seems to be the sweet spot for most of the companies that I know who do this with regularity. Second Important Note: When using this tactic, you must also let everyone know that you sold out. That is part of what makes it work so well. This way, even people who were on the fence, when they see that it was sold out, it gives social proof that other people thought it was worth it. And now that the choice has been made for them, they desire it more because there is no way they can get it. So the next time you make the offer they will be far more likely to take you up on it. Fun fact: Chanel, a brand that has maintained insane margins and pricing for over a century, is a master of scarcity. They send only 1-2 of each piece to each store so every store has a different selection and every item is the last or second to last item in stock. This allows them to price far above market and turn buying impulses into purchases. Services With services, especially if you want to consistently get customers, it can be a little trickier to use scarcity. But I will show you a few simple ways to employ scarcity ethically to increase your take rates on offers. These all have similar elements with very slight tweaks. I'm enumerating these because one of these might mentally fit your business model more than others. 1. Total Business Cap - Only accepting….X Clients. Only accepting X clients at this level of service (on-going). This puts a cap on how many clients you service but also keeps them in it. You create a waiting list for new prospects. The moment the door opens, they jump right in and price resistance disappears. Periodically, you can increase capacity by 10-20% then cap it again. This works well for your highest tiers or service levels. a) This is like saying “My agency only will service twenty-five customers total. Period.” Over time you can increase your prices and squeeze the lower performing accounts out and bring in new more profitable accounts, or, you can periodically ‘open slots’ as your capacity allows (always leaving some demand unmet). 2. Growth Rate Cap - Only accepting X clients per week (on-going) “We only accept 5 new clients per week and we already have the first 3 spots taken. I have 6 more calls this week, so you can take the spot or one of my next calls and you can wait until we reopen.” I have used this method since the beginning of my business. I always knew what my capacity was per week, and simply chose to let our prospects know how many