# Heading: Full_Text (Part 43)
stacked to the ceiling calls out people with too much junk. d) A rock hitting a window calls out people with broken windows. e) A local landmark. Locals think - “Hey, I know that place!” and pay attention. Now, this isn’t an exhaustive list. Far from it. I show you these to pull back the curtain. This way, you can see the infinite ways advertisers cut through the noise, so you can too. Action Step: I’m always impressed with the clever and innovative ways advertisers call out their prospects. So instead of muting or hitting “skip ad” look for the call outs. Become a student of the game. My goal is that for the rest of your life when you see an ad you turn up the volume. Now, once they’ve noticed our ad, it leads us to the second chunk of the ad–we need to get them interested… 2) Get Them Interested. If people think an offer or lead magnet has big benefits and tiny costs, they value it. And they’ll exchange money or contact information to get it. But if the cost outweighs the benefits, they don’t value it, and they won’t. So the best ads make the benefits look as big as possible and the costs look as small as possible. This makes an offer or lead magnet as valuable as it can be and gets the most engaged leads because of it. A good advertisement, paid or not, uses clear and simple ways to answer the question: why should I be interested in your thing? It tells people why they should want your lead magnet or offer. Now, there are a million ways to do this, but I’ll share with you my What-WhoWhen Framework. This mental framework hinges on knowing the value equation forwards and backwards. So all you have to do is know eight key things about your own product or service: how it fulfills each element of value for your prospect, and how it helps them avoid their hidden costs (remember those?). Think of them like carrots vs sticks. How your offer delivers more good stuff and less bad stuff. Then think of the perspectives of the people who would experience them (Who). And finally, what time period (When) they’d have these experiences (positive or negative). In the words of David Ogilvy “The customer isn’t a moron. She’s your wife.” So you know what that means? Write to her. Ads cause the prospect to think questions to themselves. And a good ad answers those questions at precisely the time they think it. So if you can answer what they’re thinking with your ad, using the words they’d use, you’ve won. So let’s start with The What: Eight Key Elements ● Dream Outcome: A good ad will show and tell the maximum benefit the prospect can achieve using the thing you sell. It should align with the ideal prospect’s dream outcome for that sort of product or service. These are the results they experience after buying the thing. ○ Opposite - Nightmare: A good ad will also show them the worst possible hassles, pain, etc. of going without your solution. In short - the bad stuff they’ll experience if they don’t buy. ● Perceived Likelihood of Achievement: Because of past failures, we assume that even when we buy, there’s a risk we don’t get what we want. Lower perceived risk by minimizing or explaining away past failures, emphasizing the success of people like them, giving assurances by authority, guarantees, and how what you have to offer will at least give them a better chance of success than what they currently do, etc. ○ Opposite - Risk: A good ad will also show them how risky it is to not act. What will their life be like if they carried on as they always have? Show how they will repeat their past failures and how their problems will get bigger and worse… ● Time Delay: A good ad will also show them how slow their current trajectory is or that they’ll never get what they want at their current rate… ○ Opposite - Speed: To get things we want - we know we have to spend time getting them. A good ad will show and tell how much faster they will get the thing they want. ● Effort and Sacrifice: A good ad will also show them the amount of work and skill they’ll need to get the result without your solution. And, how they’ll be forced to keep giving up the things they love and continue suffering from the things they hate. Or worse, that they work hard and sacrifice a ton right now… and have gotten…nowhere. In other words, they waste more time and money doing what they currently do than if they just