# Heading: Full_Text (Part 14)
reason to take action, more people will do it. But a couple things to keep in mind: first, good reasons work better than bad reasons. And second, any reason (even bad ones) tends to work better than no reason at all. So to get more people to take action, I include as many effective reasons as I can. Here are my favorite reasons to act now: a) Scarcity- Scarcity is when there is a limited amount of something. Especially when there is a small supply compared to demand. When something is scarce, like your lead magnet or offer, people also tend to want it more. And this is why they’re more likely to act right now. The fewer you have, the more valuable people think it is. But there’s a catch- the fewer you have, the fewer engaged leads you can get before running out. So the best strategy I know for scarcity is - reality. Let me explain. If you sold 1000x the customers tomorrow, could you handle it? If not, you have some limit to how much you can sell. Maybe you’re limited by customer service, onboarding, inventory, time slots per week, etc. Don’t keep it a secret - advertise it. This gives you ethical scarcity. If you can’t handle more than five new customers per week, say so. Draw attention to the natural scarcity in your business. If you have limitations you may as well use them to make money. Ex: “The most convenient class times fill up fast. Call now to get the one you want.” “I can only handle five people per week, so if you want it solved soon, do xyz…” “We only printed one batch of shirts and will never reprint this design, get one so you don’t regret missing out forever…” b) Urgency. You can have unlimited units to sell, but let’s say you stop selling them in an hour… on purpose. I bet more people than normal will buy your thing in that hour. This is urgency in action. Urgency is when people act faster because they have a short amount of time. And the less time people have, the faster (more urgent) they tend to act. So if you make the time they can act on your CTA shorter, you can get more of them to act on it faster. You can also use the same urgency with discounts or bonuses that go away after X minutes or hours. After which, this offer will never be available again. Ex: “Our July 4th promotion ends Monday at midnight, so if you want it, take action now.” “Our Black Friday promotion ends at midnight. There are only four hours left. Get it while the gettin’s good.” “Through Friday, I’ll also throw in a free hat to anyone who buys more than three books. So if you wanna look slick in an Acquisition.com hat, buy now.” c) Fraternity Party Planner (my favorite) - Make Up A Reason. Fraternities don’t need a reason to party - but they sure make up some doozies. “John got his wisdom teeth removed…kegger!” “Margherita Monday!” “Toga Tuesdays” “Thirsty Thursday!” etc. Your reason doesn’t even have to make sense, and it will still get more people to act. In fact, Harvard ran an experiment showing that people were more likely to let someone cut in line if they only gave a reason. The number of people that let others cut increased if the reason made sense (like scarcity and urgency). But any reason still works better than no reason. So I always try to include one. Think ‘the stuff you say’ after the word because. Examples: ● Because…moms know best. ● Because…your country needs you. ● Because…it’s my birthday, and I want you to celebrate with me. Action Step: Give a clear, simple, action-oriented CTA. Then, give them a ‘reason why’ using scarcity, urgency, and any other reasons you can think of. And, do it often. Don't be clever, be clear. Even if your lead magnet costs money to deliver, it should still lower your cost to get a new customer. This is because more engaged leads means more chances to get customers. And the extra customers more than cover your costs. That’s the point. Let’s say you make $10,000 of profit on your core offer. And it costs you $1000 in advertising to get someone on a call for it. If you close one out of three people, it costs you $3000 in advertising to get a customer. Since we have $10,000 in profit to work with, that’s fine. But we’re savvy, we can do better. So, let’s do better. Imagine you advertise a free lead magnet instead of your core offer. Your lead magnet costs you $25 to deliver, and because it’s free to them, more will