# Heading: Full_Text (Part 72)
like this: Make more money from your current customers and get more leads than your current offer (dream outcome)…with a high chance of working since your customers already want the product (perceived likelihood of achievement)...without needing to build, deliver, or provide customer support for the product yourself (effort and sacrifice)...so you can start selling it tomorrow (time delay). Action Step: Explore the different value elements and fill in the blanks. I won't go deeper on this since we’ve covered it already. You simply need to make affiliates the customer you’re advertising to. Now that we’ve got the potential affiliate interested in our offer, let’s qualify them. Step 3: Qualify Them Potential affiliates become actual affiliates when they understand and agree to your terms. And - just like customers - we want to get them their first win as fast as possible. So we setup our terms to force them to win as fast as possible. I do that by getting them to invest. I prefer they invest their time, their money, and in the product itself. Any can work. But, nine times out of ten, if they pay, they’ll pay attention. Here are the two ways I get my affiliates invested and winning: make them a customer, and make them an expert. Let’s dive into each. Way #1: Make Them A Customer: Make them buy and preferably use the product to keep affiliate status. This is the lowest barrier investment that’s worked for me. I’ve found the more money an affiliate invests in your product, the more money they make. This should make sense. If they don’t believe in your stuff enough to buy it, they probably shouldn’t sell it. You can tell them I said so. Way #2: Make Them An Expert: I make them pay for the onboarding and training that certifies them as a product expert. If you have them buy a product to become an affiliate, you can have them use that as credit towards a certification. As in, the certification comes with the products they bought. Now, aside from actually making the affiliate useful, certifying them does two things. First, it covers some of the costs of advertising. Second, it means I can afford proper onboarding and training of every. single. affiliate. How much do I charge? I recommend 10-20% of what the average active affiliate makes in the first twelve months. So if your average affiliate makes $40,000 per year selling your stuff, then charge $4000-$8000 to onboard and train them. Too low, and you won’t get them invested. Too high and you won’t get enough affiliates. I found 10-20% maximizes the number of people who become active affiliates. If you’re just getting started and have physical products then use the bulk purchasing strategy from the pro tip. Otherwise, you can use the strategy from the warm reachout chapter and raise the minimum investment every 5 sign ups until you hit the sweet spot. Action Step: Make your affiliates customers, experts, or both (my favorite way). If you don't get enough people to start, lower the commitment. If you don't get enough people to follow through, raise it. Step 4: Figure Out What To Pay Them The first biggest problem to solve with affiliates is getting them bought in. But the second biggest problem is how to keep them bought in. And no matter how you slice it, keeping your affiliates bought in depends on how you reward them for advertising your stuff. I prefer to reward people that do things I like with money and free stuff, especially if they make me money first. So let’s talk about that. When I figure out ways to pay affiliates I look at two basic things: 1. What they get paid for 2. How much they get paid 1. What They Get Paid For Before I do any affiliate payout money math I ask myself a simple question. What exactly do I want the affiliate to do? Once I figure that out, that is what I pay them for. Then, more often than not, how much they get paid and how often they get paid nearly solve themselves. I pay affiliates for two basic things: new customers, and repeat customers. Over time, if you track your metrics better, you can pay them for steps before someone becomes a customer. Like for the lead magnets downloaded, appointments set, or anything else you know reliably turns into sales for you. 2. How Much They Get Paid I suggest paying affiliates based on your maximum allowable cost to acquire a customer (CAC). Example: choosing your maximum allowable CAC. Let’s say we sell a single-use product for $200 and it costs $40 to fulfill. This gives us $160 to pay the affiliate and run the business. If we want an