# Heading: Full_Text (Part 2)
and… going under. You work your hardest to succeed, and others laugh at you for trying. It feels like death. I’ve been there. I get it. This book puts you in a better situation. One where you’ve got more leads than you can handle and more money than you can spend. Here’s How: First, it explains how advertising works. Second, it reveals the four core ways to get leads. Third, it shows you how to get other people to do it for you. Finally, it wraps up with a one-page advertising plan you can use to grow your business today. *** Once you know how to get leads, life gets easier. As for why you should blindly listen to me about getting more leads - don’t. Make up your own darn mind! But, in the spirit of “walking the talk,” here’s my track record: I advertise in a variety of industries through my holding company Acquisition.com. Our portfolio includes software, e-commerce, business services, consumer services, brick & mortar chains, digital products, and plenty of others. Together, they make $250,000,000+ in annual revenue. And they do it by getting 20,000+ leads per day selling offers from $1 to $1,000,000+. On the personal side, I have a lifetime average return on advertising of 36:1. That means for every $1 I spend on advertising, I get $36 back. A return of 3600%. Some people built their wealth in the stock market. Others in real estate. I built mine advertising. This year I surpassed $100,000,000 in net worth at age 32. And if you’re from the future, that’s in 2022 US Dollars. Which, much to my dismay, came with no flyers. No awards. No parades. I’m still 2000x poorer than the richest man in the world. My life is pretty much the same. I’m still the same height, married to the same woman, and graying faster than when I was poor. In these pages, I share the skills responsible for the bulk of my material success. I did it all using the advertising methods in this book. I left nothing out. This isn’t a book of theories or armchair analysis. This book is built on what worked for me. And I wrote it hoping it’ll work even better for you. To answer a question I got after releasing my first book: "Why do your books look like they’re written for kids?" The answer is simple: my books must be books I would read. And I have a short attention span. As such, I liken my reading preferences to that of a child: short in length, simple in words, and with lots of pictures. These books are my attempt to do that. $100M Leads is about getting strangers to show interest in the stuff you sell. And once I transfer that skill to you, it’s your turn to use it. With that out of the way…let's get rich, shall we? How I Got Here “Hope is being able to see the light despite all the darkness” Desmond Tutu March 2017. I felt hurried taps on my shoulder while working at my desk. It was Leila, my (then) girlfriend and business partner. “What’s up? You alright?” “We have a problem.” She said. What now? I thought. “Look at this.” She shoved a stack of books out of the way to make room for her laptop. “What am I looking at?” I squinted. “A disaster.” She ran her finger down the screen to direct my gaze. -$99… -$499…-$499… -$299…-$399… -$499…-$499… Every other number was more than my rent. “What are these?” She started scrolling. “Refunds. All of them. From the two gyms we launched last month.” “Wait. How? Why?” She scrolled more. “I got lots of weird texts last night from the members we sold at the Kentucky gym. I guess the owner stood up on a chair and told everyone to refund and go home. He didn’t want to deal with all the new customers.” "That's insane," I said. She was still scrolling. "Yeah, and the other gym owner told his new customers he would take them for half price if they asked for refunds from us and paid him instead.” “Wait what? They can’t do that.” I said. “Well, they did.” She scrolled faster, the numbers blurred. “Have you called them? That’s not allowed in the agreement." I said. “Yea. I know. They’re ignoring my calls.” I put my hand on hers. The refund waterfall froze in place. Hundreds of droplet-size reminders of how much I sucked. “How bad is this? How many refunds? Just cutting profits? Or enough to go negative and owe money?” I tried to keep my voice steady. I failed. Leila paused before answering. “It’s a hundred and fifty grand.” The number hung in the air. “...we won’t be able to