# Heading: Full_Text (Part 54)
again and again without touching anything on the bottom of the list. For example, when ads fatigue, we don’t change our entire business; we just run the same ad again with a different video or image. Once that stops working, we change it again. Eventually you need to change the words in your ads. And repeat the process. Then, and only then, would you change the wrapper. Let’s say we change from a Six-Week Stress Release Challenge to a 42-Day Relaxing Holidays Challenge for a massage center. Same core offer, just a different wrapper. Then, of course, you could change the duration of your offer - six weeks to 28 days or eight weeks, etc. The lower on the list you go, the more operationally heavy it is, so really be sure you have exhausted the earlier “lighter” ways of varying your offer. Once you’ve monetized an offer, rarely should you change it. Just rinse and repeat over and over and over again. This can be hard because we are entrepreneurs and love change. Change here usually just creates inefficiency and operational drag, costing you money. No bueno. So use your entrepreneurial ADD on the “wrapper” first - the “look and feel” of the offer (copy, creative, headlines). Then change the seasonality of the offer. Then change the duration. If you’re still stuck, change what you are giving away for free or discount. Change the entire machine behind it only as a last resort and for a darn good reason, especially once you get traction. But how do you get initial traction? Good question. Try the offer structure and headline that you think has the highest likelihood of working. Then stick with it. And if they don’t convert at first, don’t worry. You’ll get better. Oftentimes, if you are using these types of models, many of them will work. In that case, stick with the one that gives you the highest return. You can also rotate between offers if it doesn't create lots of operational drag for your type of business. This is the ultimate position of power. You have multiple “aces in the hole” that you can play at any time, which keeps your marketing converting at an even higher level. Author Note - Marketing Local Businesses Ironically, local business marketing is both easier and harder than national level marketing. It’s easier to get to work, but harder to keep working or scale. And the reason is - in local markets, it’s easier because there’ is trust in the familiar. So selling in- person at higher prices in a local market is inherently easier. It means you will convert a much higher percentage of your leads. This makes marketing work most of the time. The downside of local marketing is that offers fatigue rapidly because there is only a limited radius that a local business can serve. To reference an earlier concept, the TAM (total addressable market) for a brick & mortar is only its immediate radius (most times). So by extension, the smaller the radius, the faster offers fatigue. This is the double-edged sword of local. Learning to rapidly variate my offers, headlines, and creative when I had my local businesses was a cornerstone skill that made my expansion to national level advertising much easier for me. So if you are in a local market, just remember you aren’t going to change the value stack of your offer. You are just going to change the way it looks to the marketplace in your marketing. Naming Summary We must appropriately name our offer to attract the right avatar to our business. True to the moniker, people do judge a book by its cover. Half-ass naming your product or offering can ruin conversions. Don’t fall victim to lazy naming. Follow the steps here to name your product or service offering and watch the same offer get 2x, 3x, or 10x the response rate. You’ll believe it when you see it - I know I did. Enhancing Your Offer Section Recap Congrats! You figured out how to make your offer valuable, how to break your services into component parts, and how to rebundle them into a more valuable whole. You added a guarantee to get more people to buy your offer and actually consume it so they could be more successful. You presented it with urgency and scarcity to get more people to desire it. And now you’ve named your offer so it attracts the right prospects and repels the bad ones, all while containing a big promise everyone can understand. But we covered a lot, so I want to give you a quick breather before we forge into Book II to help you attract clients and monetize your offer. Free Gift # 10 BONUS: Create The Perfect Name For Your