# Heading: Full_Text (Part 6)
buy it?” “I’m gonna call the thirty gyms we already launched. They know our system works because we did it in front of them. We also have some gym owner leads from that conference. That should cover the $150,000 and give us a clean slate.” “Ok, then what? Is this what we’re gonna do?” She looked for some well-deserved stability. “I mean - I think so? It makes more money than the other thing, and it’s way easier to deliver.” She agreed. “So after I call those leads, I’ll start running ads. I'll post our success stories in a few gym groups to get leads from there. And I’ll also tell the gyms I’ll pay $2000 cash for any gym they send that signs up. That gives us ad leads, content leads, and referral leads.” *** In the next 30 days, we made $215,000 in profit. We covered the $150,000 in refunds with cash to spare. We did so well because the average gym using our advertising system added an extra $30,000 in cash in their first 30 days. It made them more money than they paid for it. It delivered - in spades. Plus, they got to keep all the cash. They loved it. Referrals poured in. I found the processing records from May-June 2017, the month it all happened: We finished that first year at $6,820,000 in revenue. The next calendar year we did $25,900,000 in revenue and $17,000,000 in profit. Yea, tens of millions. It was insane. Like, nuts. The company continues to this day with 4500+ gym locations and counting. And no one is more surprised than me. Something I made actually worked... finally. In 2018 we started Prestige Labs to sell supplements through our gym client base. We used Prestige Labs and the gyms as an affiliate network to generate weight loss leads for each other. In 2019, we started ALAN. A new type of software company that worked leads for local businesses. In 2020, we founded Acquisition.com as a holding company for our business interests. In 2021, we sold 75% of ALAN to a bigger company. I’m not allowed to say for how much, but ALAN did $12,000,000 in revenue in the prior twelve months. So you can use your imagination. We sold 66% of our supplement and gym licensing business to American Pacific Group at a $46,200,000 valuation. And that was after taking $42,000,000 in owner pay over the first 4 years. I share this because I can still hardly believe it. All this was because of a girl who believed in me, a credit card, and the ability to get leads. Important Disclaimer Knowing how to get leads saved my business, my reputation, and likely my life. It was the only way I stayed afloat. It was the reason I kept getting second, third, fourth, and fifth chances. I advertised a lot of different things, in a lot of different ways. I advertised to get member leads for local gyms. I advertised to get online weight loss leads for Leila. I advertised to get gym owner leads to sell business services. I advertised to get affiliate leads for our supplement company. I advertised to get agency leads for our software. And so on. Getting leads has been my get out of jail free card with no expiration date. And at this point, it’s faded and worn with use. I’d like to share this skill with you. I can show you how to get more leads. And here is your first piece of good news: by reading these words, you’re already in the top 10 percent. Most people buy stuff and never crack it open. I’ll also throw out a spoiler: the further you read, the bigger the nuggets get. Just watch. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for allowing me to do work I find meaningful. Thank you for lending me your most valuable asset—your attention. I promise to do my best to give you the highest possible return on it. This book delivers. The world needs more entrepreneurs. It needs more fighters. It needs more magic. And that’s what I’m sharing with you ― magic. The Problem This Book Solves “Leads, lots of leads.” You have a problem: You're not getting as many leads as you want because you're not advertising enough. Period. As a result, your potential customers are ignorant of your existence. How sad! This means less money flows your way. So now that you know you have a problem, unless you hate helping people and making money, you kinda have to solve it. How this book solves it: To make more money, you’ve gotta grow your business. You can only grow your business in two ways: 1) Get more customers 2) Make them worth