# Heading: Full_Text (Part 61)
down, but if you make a 3way text introduction to a few of your friends right now, I’d be happy to cut that initiation fee.” And to address the question you didn’t ask - if a full-priced customer finds out you gave someone else a discount (which I’ve had happen), here’s all you say: “Yea - Stacy got $100 off because she referred three friends. I'm happy to give you $100 if you refer me three friends. Who do you have in mind?” They either back off or they give you three friends. Win win. 5) Referral Events: Where people get points, credits, dollars or even just bragging rights for bringing friends within an explicit time period. Referral events typically last from one to four weeks. Whenever you run one of these events, sell everyone on the benefits of working with others. Use some stats (internal or external) to show high success rates and the selfish benefit to bringing friends. I use names like: “Bring-a-friend” Promotion “Spouse Challenge” Promotion “Accountability Buddy” Promotion “Coach Challenge” Promotion where you create teams with your employees and customers. This works well in coaching style businesses. 6) Ongoing Referral Programs: Instead of running a limited duration referral promotion, you talk about the benefits of doing things with others all the time. Think: in your free content, outreach, paid ads, etc. After a buddy did this, he saw a 33% boost in total sign ups. For context, he had 1,000,000 customers buy tickets to his virtual event and 250,000 of them were referred…this stuff works. 7) Unlockable Referral Bonuses: Create bonuses for people who 1) refer and 2) leave a testimonial. A few examples: Unlock VIP bonuses, courses, tokens, status, training, merchandise, service levels, premium support, additional hours of service, etc. Unlockable referral bonuses work well if you don’t like paying out cash. The bonuses can also be for both parties if you like (since they cost you less than cash). Visit the lead magnet section for some extra inspiration. As always, the more insane you make the offer, the more people will refer. If you want them to refer, make it so good they’d be stupid not to. You’re Only Limited By Your Creativity Here’s what it looks like to combine a few of the strategies above into a killer referral promotion. Give everyone a gift card for one-third the cost of their program. Tell them they can give it to a friend of theirs if they sign up with them. Give the gift card an expiration date within seven to fourteen days from the date you give it to them→it’ll force them to use it. This gives the referrer status when they give it to their friend. Rather than saying “hey join my program for $2000 off” they say, “I got this gift card for $2000. Do you want it? I don’t want to waste it.” It’s seen as a much bigger deal for them and you. You can still use the three-way introduction with this tactic. Then text a picture of the gift card. Bonus points if you write the friend’s name on it before texting the picture. It makes it feel personalized and gives you a legitimate reason for asking for their friend’s name (wink). PS - You can also sell the gift cards at ninety percent off as purchasable gifts (only for friends of customers). The referrer looks like they spent a lot of money, and you get paid to get new customers. I can hardly think of a better way to make money. Again, the only limit is your creativity. Conclusion Referrals aren’t an advertising method you can “do.” It’s not one trick or hack (although we learned some of those). It’s a way of doing business. And it starts with you. After all, referring is always a risk for the customer. They risk their goodwill with their friend in the hopes of getting more by showing them something cool (your stuff). So customers only refer when they think it’s very likely their friend will have a good experience. In other words, when the benefits to them personally outweigh the risk of hurting the relationship with their friend. So we add benefits for them and their friends with incentives and we lower the risk by building goodwill (showing we deliver on our promises). And we do that by using the six ways to give your customers more value. Now don’t get me wrong, building goodwill does a fantastic job of getting referrals on its own. But if we’re smart, which we are, we capitalize on that goodwill, so we can get even more referrals, by using the seven ways to ask for them. Whew! So give more than you get and you’ll never go hungry again. This is how we