# Heading: Full_Text (Part 29)
call. I had fallen into my old ways and given paid ads all the credit. But, our free content was nurturing the demand. Don’t make the same mistake I did. Your free content gives strangers an opportunity to find, get value from, and share your stuff. And, it warms people on the fence that go to and come from the cold audience methods we dive into next. So even if it’s hard to measure, free content gets you better returns on all advertising methods. Bottom line: Start making content relevant to your audience. It will make you more money. 7 Lessons I’ve Learned From Making Content 1) Switch from “How to” to “How I.” From “This is the best way” to “These are my favorite ways” etc. (especially when starting out). Talk about what you’ve done, not what others should do. What you like, not this is the best. When you talk about experience, no one can question you. This makes you bulletproof. a) I make my oatmeal this way vs. you should make your oatmeal this way. b) How I Built My 7-Figure Agency vs. How To Build a 7Figure Agency. c) My favorite way to generate leads for my business vs. This is the best way to generate leads for your business. It’s subtle. But when you tell your experience, you are sharing value. When you tell a stranger what to do, it's hard to avoid coming off preachy or arrogant. This helps avoid it. 2) We Need To Be Reminded More Than We Need To Be Taught: You’re a silly goose if you think 100 percent of your audience listens 100 percent of the time. For example, I post about my book every single day. I surveyed my audience and asked them if they knew I had a book. One in five that saw the post said they didn’t know. Keep repeating yourself. You’ll get bored of your content before your whole audience even sees it. 3) Puddles, Ponds, Lakes, Oceans. Narrow the focus of your content. If you have a small local business, you probably shouldn’t make general business content. Not at first, at least. Why? The audience will listen to people with better track records than you. But you can narrow your topics to what you do and the place you do it. Example: plumbing in a certain town. If you do that, you can become king of that puddle. Over time, you can expand your plumbing puddle to the general local business pond. Then the lake of brick & mortar chains and so forth. Then eventually, the ocean of general business. 4) Content Creates Tools For Salespeople. Some content will perform well and get more people interested in buying your stuff. That content helps your sales team. Create a master list of your “greatest hits.” Label each ‘hit’ with the problem it solves and the benefit it provides. Then, your sales team can send it before or after sales calls and help people decide to buy. They work especially well if the content resolves specific concerns prospects commonly face. 5) Free Content Retains Paying Customers. How a customer gets value from you matters less than where they got it. Imagine a person pays for your thing and then consumes your free content. If your free content is valuable, they will like you more and stay loyal to your business longer. On the flip side, if they consume your free content, and it sucks, they will like your paid product less. Here’s something you may not know. Somebody who buys your stuff is more likely to consume your free content. This is why it’s so important to make your free content good - your customers will include it in how they calculate their ROI from your paid thing. 6) People don't have shorter attention spans, they have higher standards. Repeated for emphasis: there’s no such thing as too long, only too boring. Streaming platforms have proven that people will spend hours binging long form content if they like it. Our biology hasn't changed, our circumstances have. They have more rewarding stuff to choose from. So make good stuff people like and reap the rewards rather than whining about people’s “short attention spans.” 7) Avoid Pre-Scheduling Posts. The posts I manually post perform better than ones I pre-schedule. Here’s my theory. When you manually post, you know that within seconds you will be rewarded or punished for the quality of the content. Because of that close feedback loop, you try *that much harder* to make it better. When I schedule stuff out, I don’t feel that same pressure. So whenever I post, or my team does, we strongly believe in someone pressing the ‘submit’ button because it gives that last bit of pressure to get it