# Heading: Full_Text (Part 23)
to make it. The Content Unit - Three Components All audience-growing content does one thing - it rewards the people consuming it. And a person can only get rewarded by the content if they: 1) Have a reason to consume it and 2) Pay attention long enough to 3) Get that reason satisfied. Thankfully, we can reverse those three outcomes into the three things we have to do to make audience-growing content. This means we have to: a) Hook attention: get them to notice your content. b) Retain attention: get them to consume it. c) Reward attention: satisfy the reason they consumed it to begin with. The smallest amount of material it takes to hook, retain and reward attention is a content unit. It can be as little as an image, a meme, or a sentence. Meaning, you can hook, retain, and reward at the same time. This is how short tweets, meme images, or even a jingle can go viral. They do all three. I separate them so we can discuss them more clearly, but they can all happen at once. Let’s dive into each of the things we do to create a content unit. This way you can create effective content that grows your audience. 1) Hook: They cannot be rewarded unless we first get their attention. The objective: We give them a reason to redirect their attention from whatever they are doing towards us. If we do that, we’ve hooked them. The effectiveness of your hook is measured by the percentage of people who start consuming your content. So if you hook attention well, many people will have a reason to consume your content. If you do a poor job, few people will have a reason to consume your content. Remember, this is a competition for attention. We have to beat every alternative they have to win theirs. Make yourself the best option. We increase the percentage of people who pick our content by picking topics they find interesting, headlines that give them a reason, and matching the format of other stuff they like. Let’s dive into each. Topics. Topics are the things you make your content about. I prefer to use personal experiences. Here’s why: there’s only one of you. The easiest way to differentiate is to say something no one else can say. And no one else has lived your life but you. I divide topics into five categories: Far Past, Recent Past, Present, Trending, and Manufactured. a) Far Past: The important past lessons in your life. Connect that wisdom to your product or service to provide huge value to your audience. Give them the story without the scar. It’s why I write these books. i) Example: A personal lesson where I broke my belief that “I don't have enough time”: 1) Hook: I complained to a friend that I didn’t have enough time to do something while glued to my phone. 2) Retain: They yanked it out of my hands and looked at its usage. It showed I spent three hours per day on social media. 3) Reward: They looked back at me and said, “Hey, I found you some time.” It’s a simple story other people can relate to. This makes it an interesting topic to more people. And it connects what I do, growing businesses, to a struggle many people experience - not having enough time. The epiphany I give away makes this lesson valuable for my audience – people starting, growing, and selling their businesses. b) Recent Past: Do stuff, then talk about what you did (or what happened). Any time you speak with somebody, there’s a chance your audience can get value from it. Look at your calendar for the last week. Look at all your meetings. Look at all your social interactions. Look at all your conversations with warm reach outs. There’s gold in these conversations. Tell stories from them that would serve your audience. For example: i) This tweet came from a meeting I had with a portfolio CEO that was just copying the same offer everyone else in his market was making and was getting subpar results. ii) This means taking notes, recordings, and other records to make that stuff easy to access. But it also means a free, easy, and valuable stash of content. iii) Testimonials and case studies fall in this category. If you can tell a cool client story in a way that provides value to your audience, you’ll both promote your services and provide value. Win-win. c) Present: Write down ideas at the exact time they come to you. Always have a way to record your ideas in arms reach. I’ll even pause meetings to make note of, text, or email ideas to myself. People don’t mind when you ask to take notes