# Heading: Full_Text (Part 53)
new platform. They go from Instagram messenger to Facebook messenger. They go from YouTube shorts videos to Instagram short videos (reels). Etc. And once they’ve exhausted those, they could add an entirely new core four activity. And if you're curious, the order I pick my next ‘new’ comes down to one thing: what will get me the most leads for the amount of work? That is the rule. And nine times out of ten, it goes like this: New placements→New Platforms→New Core Four. Bottom Line: No matter how you advertise, you could do it in new ways (different styles of content) or in new places (think other platforms). Then finally, do a new core four activity altogether. And, you guessed it, each of them gets us what we want - more leads. Now, this is much harder in practice, which is why I exhaust ‘more, better’ first. But at a certain point you have to expand to ‘new’ placements, platforms, and core four activities to let more people know about your stuff. Action Step: Exhaust more better first. Once you can’t do anymore, any better (meaning the returns are lower than putting that same effort into a new platform) try new. Use this rough order: new placement, new platform, new core four activity. Get it going. Measure how you do. And scale up from there using more–better. Then, rinse and repeat. ‘More Better New’ Summary First, you do way more of the advertising that works until it “breaks.” Then, the next drop off point becomes obvious. Then you keep that level of advertising up while you go back, fix the constraint, and make it better. So really, better and more work with each other more than they work separately. The first question I usually ask myself before we invest in a company that needs to get more customers is “What’s stopping them from doing ten times what they’re currently doing?” Sometimes, nothing– so we just do more. Other times we just need to make something better first. So answer that question and you’ll know what to do next. Only once you’ve exhausted more–better do the real returns come from doing new. First, go with new ad placements on a platform you know. Second, go with placements you know on a new platform. Then, once you get the hang of that new platform, use new placements on it. Once you exhaust that, you can add a new core four activity on top of what you currently do. That gives you my simple, real-world way, I put the core four on steroids to get even more leads. Conclusion Advertising is the process of making known. It’s what we do to let strangers know about the stuff we sell. Now, we solved ‘the stuff’ problem with your lead magnet or offer. But to get them to turn into engaged leads, you have to tell them about it. So we spent this section going over the only four ways a single person can advertise–let other people know about their stuff. And to do it, you trade either time, money, or both. And when you do it, you can advertise to people who know you (warm) or you can advertise to strangers (cold). You can advertise publicly (content/ads) or privately (outreach). As far as what to do when? Whenever I build a business I think about it this way–after I do warm outreach to get my pool of customers going–if I have more time than money, I move to posting content. If I have more money than time, I go with cold outreach or running ads. But remember, you only need to do one to get engaged leads. So, just pick one. Then, max it out. Do more. Do better. Do new. And, all the advertising methods compound together. The money, systems, and experience you earned from the prior method will help you master the next. A business that posts free content and runs paid ads will get more out of their ads and their content than a business that does only one or the other. A business that does cold outreach and makes content will get more from their cold outreach and work their warm leads better than one that does only one. Every combination of the core four advertising activities boost each other in some way. And as a personal note, I’ve done ‘em all. I built my first business off posting content and warm outreach. I built my gyms off free content and paid ads. I built Gym Launch off paid ads and cold outreach. I built Prestige Labs off affiliates (which we cover in Section IV). I built ALAN off paid ads and affiliates (also Section IV). I built Acquisition.com off posting content. There are many ways to get engaged leads.