# Heading: Full_Text (Part 60)
would you do to make their experience so valuable they would send all their friends? What kind of results would they need to get? What would their onboarding be? What type of customer would you pick? Think about it. Write it out. Your business depends on it. Then…do it :) Start acting like the advertising gods will revoke your core four privileges at any moment. Soon you’ll see you have no choice but to start adding more value to get more customer referrals. Now that we covered that. Do you wanna know how you can get even more referrals? →Ask for them. Referrals: Ask For Them Do you know why businesses have so few referrals compared to what they could have? They never ask for them. Your customers, like any audience, can only know what to do if you tell them. Now, I’ve tried a lot of referral strategies. Most failed. And I struggled until I had this epiphany: Asking for referrals only works when you treat it like an offer. The referrals come when you show the value the customer gets when they refer their friends. Let me give you two quick case studies to show the power of asking for referrals: Case Study #1: Dropbox gave free storage to customers and free storage to the friends they referred. The referral program went viral and they 39 x'd their business in fifteen months. Case Study #2: Paypal gave $10 in credit to customers and $10 to the friends they referred. Within two years, the program helped them reach a million users, and six years later, they hit 100 million users. They still use it today. So how do we harness the same viral growth in our own small businesses? We do what they did. We ask for it. Seven Ways To Ask For Referrals There are three components to a referral program: how you give the incentive, what you incentivize with, and how you ask. Rather than give you a hundred variations that may or may not work, here are the seven combos that worked best for me: 1) One-Sided Referral Benefit: I’d rather pay customers than a platform any day of the week. Pay your average cost to acquire a customer (CAC) to the referrer or the friend. Make them aware of the incentive. Ex: Imagine it costs $200 to get a new customer. Ask the current customer to make an actual three-way introduction to a friend–via call, SMS, or email. Not just a name and number. Also, ask them to do it right when they buy…don’t wait. Then, write them a check for $200 when their friend signs up OR give their friend $200 off. Ex: This works great for spouses because they both basically get the benefit. Always ask for the spouse & give a household discount. 2) Two-Sided Referral Benefits: This is what Dropbox and PayPal used. We pay our CAC to both parties. Half goes to the referrer (in credit or cash) and half goes to the friend (in credit). This way, they both benefit. Ex: We sell $500 programs. Our cost to get a customer is $200. For every friend someone refers, we give them $100 cash, and give their friend $100 off signing up. Good for up to 3 friends. This worked really well for my local businesses. 3) Ask For A Referral Right When They Buy: On the sales contract or checkout page, ask for some names and phone numbers of people they’d like to do this with. Show them how they will get better results when they do it with a friend. Ex: I had a new salesman come into one of my portfolio companies and shatter all the sales records for an upcoming event. We didn’t know what was going on. So I hopped on the phone with him - how are you selling more tickets than everyone else? He shrugged and said, “I’m doing the same thing as everyone else. I just make sure I ask them who else they’d want to have come with them. Then ask them to introduce me.” Half his sales were referrals. So simple, and yet no one does it. Scripting example: People who do our program with someone else tend to get 3x the results. Who else could you do this program with? 4) Add Referrals As A Negotiation Chip: On top of that, you can ask for referrals as a way to negotiate a lower price. In other words, if someone wants to pay $400 and your price is $500, you can give them the discount in exchange for an introduction to three friends. You can ethically charge a different price for the same thing because you changed the terms of the sale. Ex: “I can’t do anything less than $500