# Heading: Full_Text (Part 44)
Faster, easier or less effort/sacrifice (value equation) 4. Provide some proof (this can be a stat, a past client, or personal experience) to prove that this thing is valuable 5. Paint a vivid mental image of what their life will be like assuming they have already used it and are experiencing the benefits 6. Always ascribe a price tag to them and justify it 7. Tools & checklists are better than additional trainings (as the effort & time are lower with the former, so the value is higher. The value equation still reigns supreme). 8. They should each address a specific concern/obstacle in the prospects mind about why they can’t or won’t be successful (bonus should prove their belief incorrect) 9. This can also be what they would logically realize they will need next. You want to solve their next problem before they even encounter it. 10. The value of the bonuses should eclipse the value of the core offer. Psychologically as you continue to add offers, it continues to expand the price to value discrepancy. It also, subconsciously communicates that the core offer must be valuable because if these are the bonuses, the main thing has to be more valuable than the bonuses right? (No, but you can use this psychological bias to make your offer seem wildly compelling). 11. You can further enhance the value of your bonuses by adding scarcity and urgency to the bonus themselves (which takes this technique and puts it on steroids). a) Bonuses With Scarcity Version 1: Only people who sign up for XZY program will have access to my Bonus #1, 2, 3 that are never for sale or available anywhere else other than through this program. Version 2: I have 3 tickets left to my $5,000 virtual event, if you buy this program you can get one of the last 3 tickets as a bonus. b) Bonuses With Urgency Version 1: If you buy today, I will add in XYZ bonus that normally costs $1,000, for free. And I’ll do that because I want to reward action takers. c) With hope, you can see the subtle differences. The first two examples aren’t constrained by time. They state that if you buy the program you will get things you normally would not be able to. The bonus with urgency is about them buying today, and if they do not buy today, they lose those bonuses. Minor difference, but worth noting. Advanced Level Bonuses - Other People’s Products and Services You can get other businesses to give you their services and products as a part of your bonuses in exchange for exposure to your clients for free. This is free marketing for them, and high value products for you at no cost. Businesses will do this because you are going to give their business exposure for free to the highest quality prospects, your customers. As long as they are not direct competitors, you can get some brownie points, secure some future referral IOUs, and make your offer more valuable at the same time. If you secure enough of these relationships, you can literally justify your entire price in the savings and additional true-to-price bonuses. For example - if I owned a pain clinic, I might get a massage therapist to give me 1-2 free massages to incorporate into my offer. On top of that, I might get: ...a chiropractor to give me two free adjustments. (Value: $100) ...a low inflammation food company to give me discounts for their products ($50 savings) ...discounts for braces and orthotics ($150 savings) ...a local health club down the street to give me a personal training session for free and a free month of membership to their pool ($100 Value) ...discounts on pharmaceutical drugs from the local pharmacist ($100/mo in savings) ...repeat the above for multiple service providers (so perhaps I get ten chiropractors to all give me a free adjustment, now I have ten free adjustments in my bundle. ...Etc Now if my offer was $400, then the value of these free bonuses ALONE is worth more than the $400. As if that weren’t already awesome enough, if you really want to be a jedi, negotiate a group discount and a commission to yourself. This is exactly what we did with our supplement company. Our gym owner clients who use our sister supplement company Prestige Labs sponsored athletes get a 30% discount on our products, on top of that, the sponsored athlete gets paid 40% of all sales netted after the applied discount. So it’s a win-win for everyone. Their clients get it for 30% less than our main site. They get paid for giving away exclusive discounts. And we get customers in exchange for the commission paid. Everyone wins. If you are following along, each of