# Heading: Full_Text (Part 21)
average improvements: Top Line Revenue Growth: +$19,932/mo (+$239,000/yr) Recurring Revenue Growth: +$13,339/mo (+$160,068/yr) Bottom Line Growth (Profit): From $2,943/mo to $8,940/mo (3.1x!) Client Growth: +67 Churn (% of clients who leave each month): From 10.7 percent to 6.8 percent Retail Sales: +$4,400/mo in retail product sales revenue Prices: From $129/mo to $167/mo The survey just proved what I already knew. I had complete conviction in our product. I knew it worked. I had outworked my self-doubt. Summary Points What should you take from this? First and foremost, charge a premium. It will allow you to do things no one else can to make your clients successful. We were able to charge a premium because we provided more value than anyone else in the industry. In a real way, we were charging on a fraction of what our clients made using our system. This is important. Our clients still got a deal. The gap between what they paid (price) and what they got (value) was massive. As a result, the virtuous cycle continued to spin. We charged the most money. We provided the most value. Our gyms remained the most competitive, made the most money, always had the latest and best acquisition systems, and had the support to implement them at lightning speed. We made many mistakes along the way, but our pricing model was not one of them. It allowed me the room to make big bets without losing the farm. The truth is that 99 percent of businesses need to raise their prices to grow, not lower them. Profit is oxygen. It fuels the fire of growth. You need it if you want to reach more people and make a bigger impact. In order to charge so much, though, you must learn to create tremendous value. Let’s head there next. SECTION III: VALUE - CREATE YOUR OFFER HOW TO MAKE OFFERS SO GOOD PEOPLE FEEL STUPID SAYING NO 6 VALUE OFFER: THE VALUE EQUATION “We question all of our beliefs, except for the ones we really believe in, and those we never think to question.” ORSON SCOTT CARD I want to be abundantly clear: the goal should be to charge as much money for your products or services as humanly possible. I'm talking heinous amounts of money. That being said, anyone can raise their prices, but only a select few can charge these rates and get people to say yes. From this point forward, you must abandon any notion you have about “what's fair.” Every enormous company in the world charges you money for things that cost them nothing. It costs pennies for the phone company to add an additional user, except they don’t mind charging you hundreds per month for access. It costs pennies to manufacture pharmaceutical drugs, but they don’t mind charging hundreds of dollars a month for it. Media companies charge advertisers a king’s ransom for your eyeballs, and it costs them next to nothing to get you to like kitten photos on social media. You need to have a big discrepancy between what something costs you and what you charge for it. It is the only way to be unreasonably successful. Many entrepreneurs believe that charging “too much” is bad. The reality is that, yes, you should never charge more than your product is worth. But you should charge far more for your product and services than it costs to fulfill it. Think up to a hundred times more, not just two or three times more. And if you provide enough value, it should still always be a steal for the prospect. That is the power of value. It unleashes unlimited pricing and profit power to scale your company. For example, one of my private clients (whose company I have equity in) is in the photography space. Over two years, implementing the tactics outlined in this book, the owner was able to increase the average ticket from $300 to $1,500. That’s a 5x increase (gasp). Even cooler, they now spend less time per customer, and have higher customer satisfaction. The 5x increase in average ticket, 38x’d the profit of the business. It went from making $1,000/wk in profit to $38,000/wk in profit, and continues to grow. As a result, the company was finally able to continue to scale to multiple locations and provide meaningful work to great employees. And a fun benefit, we were able to donate even more money to children’s charities which is something the owner and I have in common (almost $500,000 at the time of this writing). But none of that would have been possible without figuring out what people valued most, tripling down on it, and ruthlessly eliminating everything else. A 5x price increase may seem crazy to you, but clients voted with their dollars that what the company provides