# Heading: Full_Text (Part 18)
If you don’t have much personal info, you can check their social media profiles etc. to learn a bit about them first. Don’t be a weirdo. Pay your social dues. Remember, you haven’t asked for anything. You’re just checking in and providing value. So…relax. Ex: Saw you just had a baby! Congrats! How is the baby doing? How are you? (Step 4) “Now what?” → Reach. Out. To. One. Hundred. People. Every. Day. “To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want.” Charlie Munger Now, reach out to 100 of them per day with your personalized messages. You’ll call, text, email, message, send a postcard, etc. And you will reach out to them up to three times. Once per day for three days* or until they respond. Whichever comes first. *Once per week with physical mail. (Step 5): “What do I say when they respond?” → Act like a human. Now we can break the ice without sounding icky. Reply using the A-C-A framework: Acknowledge what they said. Restate it in your own words. This shows active listening. Ex: Two kids. And you’re an accountant… Compliment them on whatever they tell you. Tie it to a positive character trait if you can. Ex: …Wow! Supermom! So hardworking! Managing a full-time career and two kids... Ask another question. Lead the conversation in whatever direction you want. In this case, to a topic closer to your offer. Examples: Therapy/Life Coaching: …Do you get time for yourself? Fitness/Weight Loss: ...Do you have time to get workouts in? Cleaning Services: ...Do you have anyone who helps you keep the house tidy? The ACA framework is great because it helps you talk to anyone. It just so happens it’s also useful for letting people know about your stuff. This means you can learn about the person and guide the conversation toward your offer. People love talking about themselves. So let them. They also love to be complimented, so do that too. And if people feel good when talking to you, they’ll like and trust you more. You want people to like and trust you more. Besides, it’s solid practice to find the good in everyone anyway. Speaking of practice, this will take practice. And that’s OK. (Step 6) “How do I know if they’re interested?” → Make them an offer. Get through a ‘normal’ amount of conversation. Think 3-4 exchanges if on the phone or messaging and 3-4 minutes if in person. Then, you’ll make them an offer to see if they’re interested. When I make an offer from scratch, I refer to the value equation. If you’re wondering ‘what’s the value equation?’ - it was the core concept of my first book $100M Offers. Value, as I define it, has four elements: 1) Dream Outcome: what the person wants to happen, the way they want it to happen State the best possible results your product can get. Big bonus points if those results come from people like the one you’re talking to. 2) Perceived Likelihood of Achievement: how likely they think it is for them to achieve their goal Include results, reviews, awards, endorsements, certifications, and other forms of 3rd party validation. Also, guarantees are huge. 3) Time Delay: how long they believe it’ll take to get results after they buy Describe how fast people start getting results, how often they get results when they start, and how long it takes to get the best results possible. 4) Effort and Sacrifice: The bad stuff they'll have to endure and the good stuff they'll have to give up in their struggle to get the result. Show them the good stuff they can keep doing, or get to do, and still get results. And show them the bad stuff that they can get rid of, or avoid doing, and still get results. The goal is to maximize the first two and minimize the second two. So all you have to do now is show someone: You have exactly what they want They’re guaranteed to get it Insanely fast Without lifting a finger or giving up anything they love No biggie, right? Obviously, that’s ideal. We gotta get as close to that as we can without lying or exaggerating. So let’s do just that with a real-life offer: ...By the way, do you know anybody who is (describe their struggles) looking to (dream outcome) in (time delay)? I’m taking on five case studies for free, because that’s all I can handle. I just want to get some testimonials for my service/product. I help them (dream outcome) without (effort and sacrifice). It works. I even guarantee people get (dream outcome) or I work with them until they do. I just had a girl named XXX work with me (dream outcome) even though she (describe the