# Heading: Full_Text (Part 52)
(1.1x) We get wildly different results! Improving the constraint also comes out the clear winner. So, focus on the constraint. And, again, if you’re not sure which step is the biggest constraint, find the step where the most leads drop off. You’ll get the biggest reward for the smallest improvement. Here’s how I get better: I test one thing per week per platform. And I do it for four big reasons. 1) If you test multiple things at a time on one platform you never really learn what worked. 2) Steps affect each other. A single change can affect results at other steps. For example, if you change step one, and more people optin, but fewer people apply, no bueno. But you wouldn’t know that if you changed both steps. If you make one change you can see what happened. If you make a bunch of changes…good luck trying to figure out what worked (or didn’t). 3) It forces you to prioritize what will get you the most engaged leads. You can do an infinite amount of tests. But, time is limited. So you must choose your tests wisely. For example, if you only do one “big” test per week per platform, don’t waste it on a color change from red to bright red. 4) Maybe the most important, you run the test for long enough to see if you actually get an improvement. Too short and you won’t get enough data. Too long and you waste time you could’ve spent improving the next constraint. With the size of my team and the amount of money I spend on advertising, one week is typically long enough for me. In every company I own, I set up a testing schedule. Every Monday we run one split test per platform. We give it a week. And the next Monday, we do three things: 1) Look at the results, and pick the winners for each platform test. 2) Then (important), we write down the results of the test in a log of all tests. So the next time we do something, we start a zillion improvements later, not at square one. 3) Come up with our next test to beat our current ‘best’ version. If we can’t beat the version we’re currently running in four tries (or one month), we move onto the next constraint. You continue to allocate effort to make things better. But, at a certain point, the effort you put into making it better brings lower and lower returns. At some point, it makes more sense to invest your effort into something that will bring higher returns. Only at this point, do we try something new. New So after you’ve improved your marketing efforts through ‘more’ and ‘better’ the only thing you have left is - ‘new places in new ways.’ In simple terms–new. And if you think your business can’t possibly get any bigger, let me show you why it can. Then, I’ll show you how it can. Most business owners look only at the platform and tiny community they market in. And usually, there are only three or four big companies marketing in their niche. So, they assume those companies must split the entire market between them. This is exactly what the entrepreneur in my intro story did. Think for a moment about how ridiculous this is. I call this problem: The Size Of The Pie Fallacy. Here’s a drawing to illustrate how the market is, in fact, much bigger than most assume. The Size Of The Pie Fallacy. A small business uses one of the core four, on one platform, in one specific way, with a very targeted audience. And in that same space, advertising the same way, there may only be a handful of other competitors. They mistakenly assume the tiny slice of the universe they advertise to is the entire available market! This is why most businesses stay small. When they plateau, they think there’s no more leads to get. They believe they got as big as they possibly can. Because, for many, saying "I'm as big as I can get" is much easier than saying "I’m not as good at advertising as I thought.” This false argument keeps entrepreneurs everywhere poorer than they should be. When to do new: When the returns you get from doing more↔better are lower than what you could get from a new placement or new way of advertising. There are many other slices of attention (and potential leads) sitting just inside the tiny universe of “post content.” They could add new placements (since many platforms have multiple places and forms of content). For example, on Instagram you can make stories, messenger ads, and posts. On YouTube you can make shorts, longs, community posts, etc. Or, they could add a