# Heading: Full_Text (Part 9)
close emails. Presentation software. Website integration. Writing ads. Making ad creative. Figuring out where to put the ads. Who to show the ads to. Building a payment page. Processing payments. Never mind making the actual webinar. The list overwhelmed me. So, I started with what I understood most, the landing page. I built a few of those for my gyms. My mentor made millions with webinars, so I modeled his landing page. But I didn’t need it to make millions. I just needed it to make something. Okay...now the “thank you” page. An entire Sunday later, the “thank you” page went live. Now for the big test. I put my email into the landing page, clicked “sign me up,” and waited. My brand new thank you page loaded. Success. I still wasn’t a millionaire, sad face. But it was something. The following Sunday, I sat down for my regular ‘work on the business, not in the business’ ritual. I had ten hours to figure out the next piece of this webinar puzzle. After my first cup of coffee, I decided I didn’t really want to work, but I still wanted to feel productive. So I went to my advertising group’s forum to get some tips. “Just got off my webinar. $32k in an hour! I ROI’d the entire tuition in my first week! Webinars rock!” I’m never gonna make this work. He joined the same month as me. He was in the same industry as me. He figured out how to make money with his webinar before me. He was stealing all the clients before I even got a chance. Everyone is making money except me. Desperate, I called other people in the group. “I will do anything for your business: build a sales team… write your sales scripts… fix your sales process… anything… just help me finish this webinar…please?” One person agreed to help me. Thank God. Eight Sundays later, and the little circle next to my ad campaign turned green. It’s alive! I was officially spending $150 per day on ads. All I had to do now was watch the money pour in. I was gonna be rich! Three days, $450, 80 leads, and 0 sales later… I shut it all down. I suck. No one even watched my webinar. Meanwhile, that guy posted again about how much money he was making off this webinar stuff. Why do I suck so much? I spent most of my money to join this group, and I just set another $450 on fire. I didn’t have the money to fail again. I needed the next thing to work. And if I couldn’t even get anyone to watch, what was the point? The case study: I scrolled my newsfeed to see what other people were doing. An ad caught my eye. “Free Case Study on How I Spent $1 and Made $123,000 in a Weekend” or something like that. I punched in my email, and the page sent me to a video of walking through a successful advertising campaign. Nothing fancy. No slides. No “presenting.” Just a dude explaining how his stuff worked. This, I can do. I fired up my screen recorder: Okay everyone. So here’s the ad account of a gym we just launched. Here are the ads we ran. This is how much we spent. We sent them to this page with this offer. You can see how many leads we got here. They got this many people scheduled. This many showed. This is how many they sold. This is how much the gym owner made. This is everything we did. If you want help setting something like this up, we’ll do the whole thing for free. And we only get paid off the sales you make. If that sounds fair, book a call. It took maybe 13 minutes. Simple. I swapped the webinar out for this video and changed the headline: “FREE Case Study: How we added 213 members and $112,000 in revenue to a small gym in San Diego.” They would book a call on the next page. I set up a fresh ad campaign and went to bed. The next morning… “Alex…what did you do?” Leila asked. “What do you mean?” “Strangers have booked my calendar solid for like the next week.” “Really?” “Yea. Did you start a new campaign or something?” “Yea… but I didn’t think it would go live so fast. Wait. People booked calls!?” “Yea. Tons.” Seeing Leila’s calendar stacked with appointments filled me with joy. It’s working! I learned an important lesson. They didn't want my webinar. But they did want my case study. This accidental discovery showed me how getting leads actually works…you have to give people something they want. The best part is - it’s easier than you think. Lead