# Heading: Full_Text (Part 62)
treat our customers. Do this, and you can monetize goodwill forever. To keep this in perspective, I always remind myself: I am compensated tomorrow for the value I provide today. Action Items Figure out your referral percentages and churn percentages to set a baseline. Implement the six “giving value” steps to build goodwill. Then capitalize on that goodwill, using one or more of the seven ways to ask for referrals. Next Up… So now we have to figure out how to scale a team. It looks like we’ll have to call out potential teammates, show them the value of joining the team, then ask them to join. Wait… that sounds familiar. But seriously, if you really want a $100M leads machine, buckle up. The most valuable chapter in the book is coming up next - employees. For real, this isn’t a boring chapter, and you’re gonna need them if you wanna make the big money. #2 Employees “If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together” - African Proverb June 2021. The new sales director piped up, “I know we came in under our goal again, but I don’t think we need to change anything, we’ll hit it this quarter.” Eyes darted around the room and looked in every direction but mine. The silence was long enough for the executive assistant to mark the topic covered and move on. No wonder we missed our cold outreach goal for the second quarter in a row… nobody challenged the failure. What, so now we think the third time's a charm? “Wait.” I said. Now everyone looked in my direction. “I’d like to know why we didn’t hit this two quarters in a row. I know we can sell–so if we want to make more sales with cold outreach, then we do more cold outreach. What’s the issue?” “We lose a rep every four weeks.” the sales director said. Aha. “Ok…Why is our churn so high?”. “I was wondering the same thing, but HR says we’re actually below industry average churn for this position.” He continued, “But, by the time we hire and onboard one, another churns out.” I saw the HR director nodding in agreement. Getting warmer. “OK, so the issue is hiring.” I said. “So, what’s the hiring situation look like?” “We hire one out of every four candidates HR pushes to us.” “So if they churn out as fast as we hire them, and you only hire one out of every four, that means you only get like one candidate a week?” “Yeah, about that” Almost there. “Gotcha” Now I looked at the HR Director, “What’s the screening situation look like?” “We get one qualified candidate per ten screening interviews, give or take.” She said. “So it takes forty interviews to get a single, low-skill, frontline worker?” “I guess so.” Bingo. “Alright, we need to change things up.” I said. “We're bottlenecked at the one-on-one screening. Start interviewing in groups and look for crazies there. Push everyone else with a good work ethic and basic social skills over to sales. We can teach the rest. Agreed?” The team nodded. Within six weeks, hiring outpaced churn. Our cold outreach sales increased in lockstep. By the end of the quarter, cold outreach sales had doubled, and made up more than half our total sales. The issue wasn’t our cold outreach method, skills, or offer at all. We just didn’t have enough people doing cold outreach. *** If you use the methods in this book, you will see more engaged leads flow into your business. More engaged leads means more customers. But as you grow, so does your workload. In due time, it will take more work than any single person can handle. And you can solve the problem of too much work for one person by having more people work. In short, to advertise more, you’ll need more workers. And this chapter will show you how employees work, why they make you wealthy, how to get them, and the method I use to turn them into lead-getters. How Employees Work Lead-getting employees are people working in your business that you train to get you leads. They get you leads the exact same way you got your own leads in the beginning. They can run ads, they can make and post content, and they can do outreach. They can do any advertising you train them to do. So more lead-getting employees means more engaged leads for your business. It also means less work you have to do to get the leads. More leads and less work? Sign me up! But wait… Not so fast… Don't get me wrong–-employees take work. They just take less time and work than doing everything on your own. In my experience,