# Heading: Full_Text (Part 2)
Grand Slam Offer Part I: Problems & Solutions 10. Value Offer: Creating Your Grand Slam Offer Part II: Trim & Stack Section IV: Enhancing Your Offer 11. Enhancing The Offer: Scarcity, Urgency, Bonuses, Guarantees, and Naming 12. Enhancing The Offer: Scarcity 13. Enhancing The Offer: Urgency 14. Enhancing The Offer: Bonuses 15. Enhancing The Offer: Guarantees 16. Enhancing The Offer: Naming Section V: Execution Your First $100,000 START HERE "Outsized returns often come from betting against conventional wisdom, and conventional wisdom is usually right. Given a 10 percent chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time. But you're still going to be wrong nine times out of ten . . . We all know that if you swing for the fences, you're going to strike out a lot, but you're also going to hit some home runs. The difference between baseball and business, however, is that baseball has a truncated outcome distribution. When you swing, no matter how well you connect with the ball, the most runs you can get is four. In business, every once in a while, when you step up to the plate, you can score 1,000 runs. This long-tailed distribution of returns is why it's important to be bold. Big winners pay for so many experiments." JE FF B E ZO S As entrepreneurs, we make bets everyday. We are gamblers ― gambling our hard-earned money on labor, inventory, rent, marketing, etc., all with the hopes of a higher pay out. Oftentimes, we lose. But, sometimes, we win and win BIG. However, there is a difference between gambling in business and gambling in a casino. In a casino, the odds are stacked against you. With skill, you can improve them, but never beat them. In contrast, in business, you can improve your skills to shift the odds in your favor. Simply stated, with enough skill, you can become the house. After beginning a series of books on acquisition, it became apparent that I could not talk about any other topic without first addressing the offer: the starting point of any conversation to initiate a transaction with a customer. What you are literally providing them in exchange for their money. That’s where it all begins. This book is about how to make profitable offers. Specifically, how to reliably turn advertising dollars into (enormous) profits using a combination of pricing, value, guarantees, and naming strategies. I call the proper combination of these components: a Grand Slam Offer. I chose this term partially in homage to the above quote from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and because, like a grand slam in baseball, a Grand Slam Offer is both very good and very rare. Additionally, to extend the baseball metaphor, it takes no more effort to make a Grand Slam Offer than to strike out. The difference is dictated by the skill of the marketer and how well he connects his offer with his audience’s desires. In business you can have so-so offers: the “singles” and “doubles’ that keep the game going, pay the bills, and keep the lights on. But, unlike baseball, where a grand slam scores a maximum of four runs, a Grand Slam Offer in the business world, can score you a thousand-fold pay off and result in a world where you never need to work again. It would be like connecting with the ball so well during one single at bat that you automatically win every World Series for the next hundred years. It takes years of practice to make something as complicated as hitting a major league fastball into the bleachers look effortless. Your stance, vision, prediction, ball speed, bat speed, and hip placement all must be perfect. In marketing and customer acquisition (the process of getting new clients), there are just as many variables that must all align to truly “knock it out of the park.” But with enough practice and enough skill, you can turn the wild world of acquisition, which will throw curveballs at you everyday, into a homerun derby, knocking offer after offer out of the stadium. To everyone else, your success will look unbelievable. But to you, it will feel like “just another day at work.” The greatest hitters of all time also have many strike outs, just as there are many failed offers in the track record of great marketers. We learn skills through failure and practice. We do this knowing that nine out of ten times we will be wrong. We still act boldly, hoping for that offer we connect with so well that it results in our big payoff. The good news is that in business, you only need to hit one Grand Slam Offer to retire forever. I have done this four or five times in my life. As for my