# Heading: Full_Text (Part 54)
If you master one, you will be able to feed yourself for the rest of your life. They all work if you do. Next Up If you follow the steps in this book, you’ll run out of hours in the day. You won’t be able to do any more, any better… let alone add anything new! So you’ll need help on your journey to the land of endless leads. You’ll need allies. Those allies come in four different flavors. And since there are more of them than there are of you, they’re the key to getting there. So let’s go get them. Section IV: Get Lead Getters Get people who get you more leads “Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.” Archimedes Building A $100M Lead Machine Is All About Leverage An old lady can lift a semi-truck with a long enough lever. The strongest man in the world, without one, can’t. The length of the lever determines how much someone can lift. This is leverage. We can use the principle of leverage in advertising. Let me explain: Someone with internet can send a message to millions of people at once. Someone writing postcards by hand can’t. The internet allows us to reach more people for the same time spent. So, it’s higher leverage. That means leverage boils down to how much we get for the time we spend getting it. So we want to use higher leverage activities to get what we want. More stuff we want. Less time getting it. Good. And we want leads. Lots of leads. Lead Getters Give You Leverage People can find out about the stuff we sell from two sources. We can let them know using the core four. Or, other people can let them know using the core four. I call these other people lead getters. When other people do it for us, we save time. That means we get more engaged leads for less work. Leverage baby. Imagine four scenarios: Scenario #1: You are the lead getter. You do the core four all day everyday by yourself. You get enough leads to pay the bills. Work: HIGH Leads: LOW Leverage: LOW Scenario #2: You get a lead getter. You get a lead getter to do the core four on your behalf. Now, the lead getter brings enough leads to pay the bills without you advertising. You work less than scenario #1 and get the same number of leads. Work: LOW. Leads: LOW. Leverage: HIGH. Scenario #3: You get lots of lead getters. You spend all your time getting other lead getters. Your leads go up every time you get another one. You work all day everyday, but you get way more leads than you did when it was just you. You work more than scenario #2 but get way more leads. Work: HIGH. Leads: HIGH. Leverage: HIGHER. Scenario #4: You get a lead getter who gets lead getters. You recruit somebody who recruits other people to advertise on your behalf. They get more lead getters every month. You only had to work to get the first lead getter once, but his leads continue climbing without you working. You works less than scenario #3, and you get more leads each and every month. Work: LOW. Leads: HIGH. Leverage: HIGHEST. Now you’ve got the makings of a $100M Leads machine. Outline of The “Lead Getters” Section The lead getters aren’t part of the “core four” because they’re not things you do. You do not ‘do’ affiliates or ‘do’ customer referrals or ‘do’ agencies or ‘do’ employees. But, you have to do the core four to get them. They come from warm outreach, cold reach outs, posting content, and running paid ads. And once you get them, they do it for you. So the core four stacks. One time to get them, and a second time for when lead getters get engaged leads on your behalf. But it doesn’t have to end there. In fact, it shouldn’t. The process repeats. Lead getters can go get lead getters! So we do something once then lead getters can do it forever. But wait, I thought this book was about getting leads? So am I trying to get leads? Or do I want lead getters? Answer: Yes. Lead getters start out as leads, then get interested in the stuff you sell and become engaged leads like anyone else. The difference is they get other people interested in the stuff you sell, too! And ideally, every lead becomes a lead getter. The following chapters explain, in detail, how to get other people to advertise for you. And, if you want to scale to $100M+, you have to understand them: #1 Customers- they buy your stuff