# Heading: Full_Text (Part 27)
making any. So, it’s simple. If you give enough, people start asking you. It makes people uncomfortable to continue to receive without giving back. It is core to our culture and DNA. They’ll go to your website, DM you, email you, etc., to ask for more. Not only that, when you use this strategy, you get the best customers. They are the ones who are the biggest ‘givers.’ They are the ones who, even as paying customers, still feel they get the better end of the deal. And best of all, if you advertise this way, your growth never slows. When you use this strategy, you give in public, ask in private. You let the audience self-select when they’re ready to give you money. That’s why, in my opinion, give until they ask is the best strategy. But, if you feel like asking, I get it. So, let’s talk about how to ask. If you’re gonna do it, you might as well do it well. Bottom Line: The moment you start asking for money is the moment you decide to slow down your growth. So the more patient you are, the more you will get when you finally make your ask. Action Step: Give give give give give give until they ask How To Make Money From Content: Ask To be clear, I think you should use the give until they ask strategy. But, if you need to pay rent, feed your family, etc., I get it. Sometimes you gotta ask. So let’s talk about how to do that without sounding like a nincompoop. Think of ‘asks’ as commercials. You interrupt this program with a very important message. Since you are the one providing the value, you interrupt your own content with commercials about the stuff you sell. But, since it’s your audience, you pay the cost of potential loss of trust, slowing growth, and of course, the time it took you to gather the audience in the first place. But money-wise, it’s free. Now, I use two strategies to weave promotions into content: integrated offers and intermittent offers. Let’s cover both. Integrated: You can advertise in every piece of content so long as you keep your give : ask ratio high. You will continue to grow your warm audience and get engaged leads. Win-win. For example, if I make an hour-long podcast, having 3 x 30-second ads means I’d have 58.5 min of giving to 1.5 min of asking. Well above the 3:1 ratio. On the flip side, I had a friend who had a podcast that blew up quickly. Eager to monetize his new audience, he started making offers (asking) too frequently -in- the content. His podcast not only stopped growing, it actually shrank! Don’t be like that. Don’t kill your golden goose. It’s a balancing act. Over-give to protect your most valuable asset - the goodwill of your audience. Action step: I most commonly integrate the ‘asks’ - aka - CTAs after a valuable moment or the end of the content piece. Consider trying one of those places first - and make sure your audience growth doesn’t slow. Then add in the second and so forth. Intermittent: The second way you can monetize is through intermittent asks. Here’s how it works. You make many pieces of content of pure ‘gives’ then occasionally make an ‘ask’ piece. Example: You make 10 ‘give’ posts, and on the 11th, you promote your stuff. The difference between the first way and the second way depends on the platform. On short platforms, the intermittent way will dominate. On long-form platforms, integrations are often your best bet. When you make your ask, you either advertise your core offer, or you advertise your lead magnet. That’s it. Don’t overcomplicate this. Lead Magnet Example: If I just talked about a way to get more leads on a post/video/podcast/etc., I would then say, “I have 11 more tips that have helped me do this. Go to my site to grab a pretty visual of them.” And as long as I have an audience that wants to get more leads, this will get some of them to engage. Then, the thank you page after the opt-in page for my lead magnet would display my paid offer with some video explaining how it works. Bonus points if your lead magnet is relevant to your content advertising it. Offer Example: You can also ‘go for the jugular’ with your core offer and go straight for the sale. The direct path to money. We model our offer from the last chapter. “I’m looking for 5 (specific avatar) to help achieve (dream outcome) in (time delay). The best part is, you don’t have to (effort and sacrifice). And if you don’t get (dream outcome), I will do two things (increase perceived