# Heading: Full_Text (Part 15)
engage. The extra engagement means it only costs $75 in advertising to get someone on a call. All in, it’s $100 per call. By delivering value before they buy, you get ten times more engaged leads for the same cost. Note: this happens all the time when you nail the lead magnet. Now, let’s say one out of ten folks who get the lead magnet buys your core offer. This means your new cost to acquire a customer is $1000 ($100 x 10 people). We just cut our cost to get a customer by 3x. So instead of spending $3000 to get a new customer, by using a lead magnet, we spend only $1000. Given we make $10,000, that’s a 10:1 return. So if we keep our advertising budget the same, and use a lead magnet, we triple our business. Remember: the goal is to print money, not just make our “fair share.” This is where experienced business owners beat newbies. With a $25 budget to deliver your lead magnet, you can provide FAR more value than a $0 budget. Crazy, I know. You attract more customers because your lead magnet is more valuable than other people’s. Oftentimes, by a lot. This translates into more strangers becoming engaged leads. It also translates into more sales because you provided value in advance. Win. Win. Win. Action Steps: Step 0: If you’re struggling to get leads, make an amazing lead magnet. Step 1: Figure out the problem you want to solve for the right customer Step 2: Figure out how you want to solve it Step 3: Figure out how to deliver it Step 4: Make the name interesting and clear Step 5: Make it easy to consume Step 6: Make sure it’s darn good Step 7: Tell them what to do next, why it's a good idea, do it clearly, and do it often Section II Conclusion My goal with this book is to demystify the lead-getting process. In the first chapter, we covered why leads alone aren’t enough–you need engaged leads. In the second chapter, we covered how to get leads to engage - a valuable lead magnet or offer. And a good lead magnet does four things: 1) Engages ideal customers when they see it. 2) Gets more people to engage than your core offer alone 3) Is valuable enough that they consume it. 4) Makes the right people more likely to buy So, more people show interest in our stuff. We make more money from them. And we deliver more value than we ever have–all at the same time. Next Up: We’ve armed ourselves with a powerful lead magnet. Now, I’ll show you the four ways we can advertise it. In other words, now that we have “the stuff,”–we gotta tell people about it. Let’s get some leads. Section III: Get Leads The Core Four Advertising Methods. We get engaged leads by letting people know about our stuff. And there are two types of people we let know: people who know us and people who don’t. And there are two paths of letting them know about it: one-to-one and one-to-many. Those combine into the four basic ways one person can let other people know about anything. Let’s break down how we can use those four ways to get us leads. Two Types of Audiences: Warm and Cold Warm audiences are people who gave you permission to contact them. Think “people who know you” - aka - friends, family, followers, current customers, previous customers, contacts, etc. Cold audiences are people who have not given you permission to contact them. Think “strangers” - aka - other peoples’ audiences: buying contact lists, making contact lists, paying platforms for access, etc. The difference matters because it changes how we advertise to them. Two Ways To Communicate: One to One (Private), One to Many (Public) We can contact people 1-to-1 or 1-to-many. Another way of thinking about this is private or public communication. Private communication is when only one person gets a message at a time. Think “phone call” or “email.” If you announce something publicly, many people can get it at the same time. Think “social media posts” or “billboards” or “podcasts.” Now, automation can make this seem confusing. Don’t let it. Automation just means some of the work is done by machines. The nature of the communication stays the same. Email, for instance, is one-to-one. Emailing a 10,000 person list “once” is more like oneto-one really fast by a machine. Automation, which we cover later, is one of the many ways we can get leads on steroids. Like audiences, the difference between public and private communication matters because they change how we advertise. Section III Outline: Get Leads Combining warm and cold audiences with 1-to-1 and 1-to-many leads us to the