# Heading: Full_Text (Part 59)
to deliver, I deliver them at shorter intervals rather than all at once. 2. Updates are wins. If it’s a bigger project, I share progress updates as frequently as possible. You can never give someone too much good news. And regular updates, progress or not, is better than leaving your customers hanging. 3. Customers form their lasting impression of a business within the first forty-eight hours after they buy. Force a good impression. Force as many wins as you can in that window. Set many expectations. Meet many expectations. Repeat. 4. They should always know the next time they’ll hear from you. I got a slick saying from a public CEO friend of mine - BAMFAM: Book-A-Meeting-From-A-Meeting. Again, never leave a customer in no man’s land. They should always know what happens…next. 5. Never expect customers to forgive you. Ever. So act like it. For example, you can deliver early, but never late. I add fifty percent to my timelines so I always deliver early. That makes “on time” for me early for them. Action step: Break down outcomes into the smallest possible increment. Communicate as often as reasonable (even if there is no progress, update them). Set timelines with breathing room. Deliver early. More customer wins means more goodwill. And more goodwill means more referrals. 5. Decrease Effort & Sacrifice → Keep Making Your Stuff Better: If the customer does less stuff they hate to benefit from your product, you’ve made it better. If the customer gives up fewer things they love to benefit from your product, you’ve made it better. And there’s no such thing as a perfect product. You can always make it better. And the easier you make it for them to benefit, the more goodwill you get, and the more likely they’ll refer. Here’s my process to keep making my stuff better. Step #1: Use customer service data, surveys, and reviews to find the most common problem with your product. Step #2: Figure out your fix. To get a headstart, get feedback from the customers who made your product work for them despite the problem it has. Step #3: Use that feedback to improve your product. Step #4: Give the new version to a small group of your (struggling) customers. Step #5: Get your next round of feedback. If you solved the original problem, then roll it out to all customers. If it didn’t, go back to step #2. Step #6: Move to the next most common problem and repeat the process. Do this until the end of time. Action Step: Keep making your stuff better. Survey. Make changes. Implement. Measure. Repeat. I run this process every month. Set this as a recurring monthly process. A product that takes less effort and fewer sacrifices means more goodwill. And more goodwill means more referrals. 6. Call To Action→ Tell Them What To Buy Next: If you have an amazing product, they’ll want more. You have to satisfy their desire to buy. If you don’t, they’ll still buy… but from someone else. Don’t let that happen. Sell them again. You can either sell them a new thing or more of the thing they just bought. In either case, you’ll get even more goodwill and extend the lifetime of the customer. And besides, the more stuff they can buy, the more stuff they can refer their friends to. For example, in a weight loss company we know, lots of customers referred friends to their first tier product. But, some didn't. A lot of those customers who didn't refer to the first product, when they bought their more expensive thing, referred their friends to that! So you gotta keep selling. In my experience, people obsess over their front end offers. And that makes sense. But then they neglect the back end and customers fall off. And customers that fall off your product are unlikely to refer - so keep selling them so they don’t. Action Step: Treat every customer like it's the first time you've sold them. Make sure your next offer is more compelling than your first. Remind them to buy more after each big win. More things to buy means more opportunities to add even more value. More value means more goodwill. And more goodwill means, you guessed it, more referrals. One Question to Rule Them All Let’s consolidate these six steps into one thought experiment. I encourage you to try it out with your team. Here it is: You’ve lost all your customers but one. The gods of advertising ban you from doing the core four and decree: -All customers must come from this one customer. -Violate our terms and we will destroy your business, and every other business you start, for eternity. Tough break. But, the question remains, how would you treat this customer? What