# Heading: Full_Text (Part 33)
get romantic about how you want to solve the problem. Find a way to solve every problem a prospect presents with. When you do that, you make an offer that’s so good, people just can't say no. And that’s what we’re building here. Note: You must resolve every obstacle a buyer believes they will have to convert the highest amount of people. That’s not to say that if you don't, you won’t sell people. Not at all. But you won't sell as many people as you otherwise could have. And that’s the goal, to sell the most people, for the highest possible price, with the highest possible margin. Step #5: Trim & Stack Now that we have enumerated our potential solutions, we will have a gigantic list. Next, I look at the cost of providing these solutions to me (the business). I remove the ones that are high cost and low value first. Then I remove low cost, low value items. If you aren’t sure what’s high value, go through the value equation and ask yourself which of these things will this person: 1. Financially value 2. Cause them to believe they will be likely to succeed 3. Make them feel like they can do it with much less effort and sacrifice 4. Help them accomplish their goal and see the result they want with far less time investment. What should remain are offer items that are 1) low cost, high value and 2) high cost, high value. Example: Let’s say I moved in with someone and did their shopping, exercising, and cooking for them. They would probably believe they would definitely lose weight. But I am not willing to do that for any amount of money short of a gazillion dollars. The next question becomes, is there a lesser version of this experience that I can deliver at scale? Just take one step back at a time until you arrive at something that has a time commitment or cost you are willing to live with (or, obviously, massively increase your price so it becomes worth it for you — i.e., the gazillion dollars to live with someone). If there’s one type of delivery vehicle to focus on, it’s creating high value, “one to many” solutions. These will be the ones that typically have the biggest discrepancy between cost and value. For example, before I started my first gym, I had an online training business. I created a small excel sheet application that after inputting all of someone’s goals, automatically generated over 100 meals perfectly suited to their macronutrient and calorie needs. Better yet, depending which meals they selected, would tell them what they needed to buy at the grocery store in exact amounts, and how to prepare them in bulk for their exact amounts. It took me about 100 hours to put the whole thing together. But from that point going forward I sold truly personalized eating plans for very expensive prices, but they only took me about 15minutes to make. High value. Low cost. These types of solutions require a high, one-time cost of creation, but infinitely low additional effort after. (Fyi - This is exactly why software becomes so valuable). That doesn’t mean you don’t ever want to do something in a small group or one-on-one model. After all, I do 1-on-1 with all of my portfolio company CEOs that we help scale past $30m+. You just want to make sure you save those high cost items for big value adds only. If you think you can accomplish the same value with a lower cost alternative, then do that instead. When I was running my gym, I went through this exercise and created: bulking blueprints, an eating-out system, a travel eating and workout guide, meal plans for every bodyweight and gender, a grocery list calculator, plateau busting meal plans (for when they got stuck), fast cooking guides partnered with meal prep services, and did in-person nutrition orientations with every client one-on-one. Many of the “one to many” solutions require more up front work. Once created, however, they become valuable assets that create value in perpetuity. It’s worth putting in the time to create these because they will create high margin profit for years to come. Real talk: the meal plans I made for my gym have been used by 4,000+ gyms now and literally hundreds of thousands of people. They are simple and easy to follow. So they have provided ample return for the week or two of dedicated time I spent making them. And if you ever have the desire to build a repeatable business model, something that scales, these assets you create will become the bedrock. This book, for example, is a high-value asset that is low cost overall. Sure, it costs me a lot