# Heading: Full_Text (Part 10)
paid, not just the direct costs of fulfillment. Lifetime Value: The gross profit accrued over the entire lifetime of a customer. This is gross profit multiplied by the number of purchases an average customer will make over their lifetime. Using the example above, if the average customer stays five months, and they pay $1,000/mo while it costs me $100 per month to fulfill, then their lifetime value is $4,500. Here’s the breakdown: Revenue: ($1,000/mo * 90% Gross Margin * 5 months) = $4,500 Lifetime Value (LTV) Note that the indirect costs, like admin, software, rent, etc., are not included in LTV. Note: You will find different definitions for lifetime value depending on the source. The biggest difference is that some sources only count total revenue, while others focus on gross profit over the lifespan. I focus on gross profit. You may also see me refer to this as LTGP Lifetime Gross Profit in other texts for clarity’s sake. Value-Driven vs. Price-Driven Purchases This book was intended to be a textbook for any business that wants to grow. I’ve spent (and continue to spend) hundreds of hours on calls and in-person meetings consulting entrepreneurs on crafting their offers. I have seen the ones that take off into the stratosphere and those that fizzle. Having a Grand Slam offer makes it almost impossible to lose. But why? What gives it such an impact? In short, having a Grand Slam Offer helps with all three of the requirements for growth: getting more customers, getting them to pay more, and getting them to do so more times. How? It allows you to differentiate yourself from the marketplace. In other words, it allows you to sell your product based on VALUE not on PRICE. Commoditized = Price Driven Purchases (race to the bottom) Differentiated = Value Driven Purchases (sell in a category of one with no comparison. Yes, market matters, which I will expound on in the next chapter) A commodity, as I define it, is a product available from many places. For that reason, it’s prone to purchases based on “price” instead of “value.” If all products are “equal,” then the cheapest one is the most valuable by default. In other words, if a prospect compares your product to another and thinks “these are pretty much the same, I’ll buy the cheaper one,” then they commoditized you. How embarrassing! But really . . . it’s one of the worst experiences a value-driven entrepreneur can have. This is a massive problem for the entrepreneur because commodities are valued at the point of market efficiency. This means that the marketplace drives the price down through competition until the margins are just enough to keep the lights on: “just enough” to become a slave to their business. The business makes “just enough” to justify the owner waiting anxiously for things to “turn around,” and by the time that lie is realized . . . they are in too deep to pivot (at least, until now). A Grand Slam Offer solves this problem. But What Does A Grand Slam Offer Do? Alright, let’s start by defining a Grand Slam Offer. It’s an offer you present to the marketplace that cannot be compared to any other product or service available, combining an attractive promotion, an unmatchable value proposition, a premium price, and an unbeatable guarantee with a money model (payment terms) that allows you to get paid to get new customers . . . forever removing the cash constraint on business growth. In other words, it allows you to sell in a “category of one,” or, to apply another great phrase, to “sell in a vacuum.” The resulting purchasing decision for the prospect is now between your product and nothing. So you can sell at whatever price you get the prospect to perceive, not in comparison to anything else. As a result, it gets you more customers, at higher ticket prices, for less money. If you like fancy marketing terms, it breaks down like this: 1. Increased Response Rates (think clicks) 2. Increased Conversion (think sales) 3. Premium Prices (think charging a lot of money). Having a Grand Slam Offer increases your response rates to advertisements (aka more people will click or take an action on an advertisement they see containing a Grand Slam Offer). If you pay the same amount for eyeballs but 1) more people respond, 2) more of those responses buy, and 3) they buy for higher prices, your business grows. I’ve “struck gold” on my share of offers. Not because I've got some superpower, but because I’ve just done this a lot of times (and failed even more). I sorted through the crap that chronically fails and pocketed all the stuff that reproducibly succeeds (and put it in this book) . Here’s the key takeaway