# Heading: Full_Text (Part 40)
the next step. People overcomplicate it. But that’s it. That’s all we’re doing - narrowing down who sees our ad so we have the highest chance of getting the right type of people to respond. Once we advertise profitably in a small puddle of an audience, we expand to a pond, then a lake, then an ocean. And as the audience gets bigger it does have more of the wrong people, but it has more of the right ones too. So ads decrease in efficiency, but at that point you can afford it. In other words, the ratio between what you spend and how much they buy goes down but the total amount of money you make goes up. So instead of spending $1000 to make $10,000 with $9000 in profit, you spend $100,000 to make $300,000 with $200,000 in profit. Your ratio goes down, but you make more money. So the risk is higher because you spend more. But so is the reward. This means we want to make the audience as big as possible while still turning a profit. Paid ads give us four new problems to solve. Let’s break them down together: 1) Knowing where to advertise 2) Getting the right audience to see it 3) Making the best ad for them to see 4) Getting permission to contact them Step 1: “But where do I advertise?” → Find a platform where these four things are true Platforms distribute content to an audience. If you’re not familiar with any available platforms, I invite you to come join me on planet earth. If you’ve ever consumed content, which you have, you’ve directly or indirectly used a platform and been a member of its audience. And wherever there’s an audience, you can usually advertise. So if you want to become a great entrepreneur, you have to learn about them. Here’s what I look for in a platform I want to advertise on: I've used it and gotten value from it as a consumer. So I have some idea how it works. I can target people on the platform interested in my stuff. I know how to format ads specific to the platform (which I’ll dive into in step three). I have the minimum amount of money to spend to place an ad. ...And yes, platforms change all the time, but these principles stay the same. Action Steps: Start with one platform that meets the four requirements. And start watching, listening, or reading ads on the platform as a first step to learning how to make one. Step #2: “But how do I get the right people to see it?” → Target them So if we start with the entire world, which we kinda do, we need to be a bit more specific. For example, if you choose a platform that has 100,000,000 users, you’ve already cut out 99% of the world– right off the bat. And, if everyone who buys from you speaks English, you also want to exclude the audiences within the platform who don't. If that’s half the platform’s users, you’re already at 99.5% of the world excluded. Specific is good. The right message to the wrong audience will fall on deaf ears. It doesn’t matter how good your ads are. If you’re marketing to Florida residents about a local business in Iowa, it’s probably not gonna work. So you have only one goal when targeting–get the highest number of people you think will buy your stuff to see your ad. We did our first round of targeting by selecting our platform. We do the second round within the platform itself. Modern advertising platforms have two ways to target. You can use them separately or combine them: 1) Target a lookalike audience. Modern platforms can show your ad to an audience that is similar to, and much bigger than, a list you provide. Advertisers call this a lookalike audience. Modern platforms will make lookalike audiences for you so long as you upload their minimum list size. The bigger the list and the higher quality the contacts, the more responsive the lookalike audience will be. Start with your list of current and previous customers. If your customer list is big enough to meet the platform minimum, use it. If it’s not big enough, add your warm reach out list. If it’s still not big enough, add your cold reach out leads to hit the minimum. This is exactly what I do. Forcing the list to the right size sometimes makes the lookalike audience too broad. And that’s OK because you can… 2) Target with factors of your choosing. Targeting options include: age, income, gender, interests, time, location, etc. For example, if you know no one over forty-five or below twenty-five has ever bought your thing, then exclude anyone