# Heading: Full_Text (Part 32)
the grocery store for all my new customers and let them ask questions live 2. Recorded grocery tour, where I might shop once, record it, then give it as a reference point from that point onwards for my clients to watch on their own 3. DIY grocery calculator, where I create a shareable tool or show them how to use a tool to calculate their grocery list 4. Predetermined lists, where each customer plan comes with its own grocery list for each week. I could make this ahead of time so they have it. Then they could use it on their own time 5. Grocery buddy system, where I could pair customers all up, which takes no time really, and let them go shopping together 6. Pre-made, insta-cart grocery carts for delivery, where I could pre-make insta-cart lists so clients could have their groceries delivered to their doorstep with one click As you see, the list can really go on and on here. This is just to illustrate the many ways to solve a single problem. Now do this for all of the perceived problems that your clients encounter before, after, and during their experience with your service/products. You should have a monster list by the end of this. Product Delivery Cheat Codes What’s that? You’re having trouble being creative? I'm going to give you the cheat codes right now, kind of like I did with the brick example: “the brick could be gold, or plastic, or have holes in it, or be a lego, etc.” Here are my “cheat codes” for product variation/enhancement and a visual to break down the process for you from my consulting deck: 1. What level of personal attention do I want to provide? one-on-one, small group, one to many 2. What level of effort is expected from them? Do it themselves (DIY) - figure out how to do it on their own; do it with them (DWY) - you teach them how to do it; done for them (DFY) - you do it for them 3. If doing something live, what environment or medium do I want to deliver it in? In-person, phone support, email support, text support, Zoom support, chat support 4. If doing a recording, how do I want them to consume it? Audio, video, or written. 5. How quickly do we want to reply? On what days? during what hours? 24/7. 9-5, within 5 minutes, within an hour, within 24 hrs? 6. 10x to 1/10 th test. If my customers paid me 10x my price (or $100,000) what would I provide? If they paid me 1/10 th the price and I had to make my product more valuable than it already is, how would I do that? How could I still make them successful for 1/10 th price? Stretch your mind in either direction and you’ll come up with widely different solutions. In other words, how could I actually deliver on these solutions I am claiming I will provide. Do this for each problem because solutions from one problem will give you ideas for others you wouldn’t normally have considered. Remember, it’s important that you solve every problem. I can’t tell you the amount of times one single item becomes the reason someone doesn't buy. Anecdote: Why We Must Solve Every Perceived Problem When I was selling weight loss, I insisted that folks prepare all their food at home. I found it too difficult to help clients lose weight when they ate out because they always blew their diets. Rather than solve the problem, I insisted they do it my way, or not at all. As a result, I lost many sales. One month I really needed to make some sales to pay rent. My next sale walked in the door - it was a business exec looking to lose weight. As we got into the sales presentation, she told me the program wouldn’t work for her because she went out to eat for lunch everyday. Normally, I would have lost this sale. I was a stickler for making people not eat out. But I really needed the money. Refusing to lose the sale because of this one thing, I conceded “I’ll make you an eating out guide for when you go to restaurants so you can eat our 100 percent of the time and still hit your goal. How does that sound?” She agreed, and I closed the sale. I took the time to make an eating out guide for her. But from that point going forward, whenever someone said “but what about eating out??” I had the solution. Over time, I continued solving obstacles with templates and trainings until there were no more “one things” to prevent my sales. This lesson has stuck with me to this day. Don’t