# Heading: Full_Text (Part 31)
we venture from warm audiences who know us, to cold audiences who don’t. We begin reaching out to strangers. This begins the third step in our advertising journey: cold outreach. Free Goodwill “He who said money can’t buy happiness hasn’t given enough away.” – Unknown People who give without expectation live longer, happier lives and make more money. So if we’ve got a shot at that during our time together, darn it, I’m gonna try. To do that, I have a question for you… Would you help someone you’ve never met if it cost you nothing, but you didn’t get credit? Who is this person you ask? They are like you. Or, at least, like you used to be. Less experienced, wanting to make a difference, and needing help, but not sure where to look. Acquisition.com’s mission is to make business accessible to everyone. Everything we do stems from that mission. And, the only way for us to accomplish that mission is by reaching…well… everyone. This is where you come in. Most people do, in fact, judge a book by its cover (and its reviews). So here’s my ask on behalf of a struggling entrepreneur you’ve never met: Please help that entrepreneur by leaving this book a review. Your gift costs no money and less than 60 seconds to make real, but can change a fellow entrepreneur’s life forever. Your review could help… ….one more small businesses provide for their community. ….one more entrepreneur support their family. ….one more employee get meaningful work. …one more client transform their life. …one more dream come true. To get that ‘feel good’ feeling and help this person for real, all you have to do is….and it takes less than 60 seconds…leave a review. If you are on audible - hit the three dots in the top right of your device, click rate & review, then leave a few sentences about the book with a star rating. If you are reading on kindle or an e-reader - scroll to the bottom of the book, then swipe up and it will prompt a review for you. If for some reason these changed- you can go to Amazon (or wherever you purchased this) and leave a review right on the book’s page. If all fails, scan this QR code If you feel good about helping a faceless entrepreneur, you are my kind of people. Welcome to #mozination. You’re one of us. I’m that much more excited to help you get more leads than you can possibly imagine. You’ll love the tactics I’m about to share in the coming chapters. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Now, back to our regularly scheduled programming. - Your biggest fan, Alex PS - Fun fact: If you provide something of value to another person, it makes you more valuable to them. If you’d like goodwill straight from another entrepreneur - and you believe this book will help them - send this book their way. #3 Cold Outreach How To Reach Out To Strangers To Get Engaged Leads “Quantity has a quality all of its own” - Napoleon Bonaparte July 2020. COVID-19 raged. In a matter of months, thirty percent of my customers went out of business. Protestors filled every platform with hate and anger. Politicians made promises. Small businesses suffered in silence. Unemployment skyrocketed. The most tumultuous election ever was upon us. And here we were, trying to generate leads to pay our bills. Employees everywhere, and their families, depended on it. All three of my companies at the time (Gym Launch, Prestige Labs, and ALAN) relied on brick-and-mortar businesses staying open. And, they were closed. Brilliant strategy Alex. To make matters worse, Apple did a software update that crippled our ads. The market was crap. Our paid ads were crap. And I carried the bucket. I ran through worst-case scenarios. How much cash would it take to keep us afloat? How long do I keep paying people when there’s no end in sight? Should I dip into personal accounts? Give up a third of my life savings? Half? All of it? What does that say about me? I had no idea what to do. Early that Saturday morning… I tried to sleep long enough for my alarm to wake me, but it was no use. I went to my office and checked Instagram. I had a new message waiting for me: “Hey Alex - Cale told me you guys don’t need salesmen anymore, so my offer got pulled. I quit my job to accept it. Super honored you considered me. I hope you’ll consider me again the next time you have openings.” Looking for context, I scrolled up. Reading our earlier messages rewarded me with a pang of guilt. I was the one who told him to