# Heading: Full_Text (Part 39)
pleas for mentorship. He let me work at his gym, with him, for minimum wage. I’m forever grateful for that opportunity. “I promise, I really think they’ll work.” I said. “Let me give it a shot with the stuff I learned from that workshop last weekend. I’ll do everything.” That workshop took most of my puny savings. Sam leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. “I’ll tell you what. I’ll give you a thousand bucks to play with. If you lose it, then you have to shut up about this Facebook stuff. If you make more, I’ll split the profit with you.” “Deal.” I worked with a freelancer to get everything set up. We went back and forth until it was “perfect.” A few days later, I marched into Sam’s office to show him what I’d made. “It’s ready.” I said. He spun his laptop to face me. “Alright, Hormozi. Show me what you’ve got.” I placed the ugliest ad you’ve ever seen: I’M LOOKING FOR 5 CHINO HILLS RESIDENTS TO TAKE PLACE IN A FREE 6 WEEK CHALLENGE. YOU MUST LET US USE YOUR BEFORE AND AFTER PICTURES IN OUR MARKETING IN EXCHANGE FOR THE PROGRAM. CLICK LINK TO SIGN UP: [LINK] No images. No videos. No frills. →Just words. ALL CAPS. The ad went live. We got leads within hours. I called them all and booked appointments as fast as I could. I also texted them about an hour before to remind them of our appointment. And as soon as they walked in, I started yapping about our six week challenge. I had zero sales skills. My conviction made up for my lack of skill. They bought. I sold 19 people at $299 each. We made just under $5700 from the $1000 investment. True to his word, Sam cut me a check and handed it over. He made it out for $2500. More than my share. “Sam, this is–” He cut me off. “Nice work, Hormozi. Do it again.” *** The “6 week challenge” became the biggest promotion in the gym industry. For seven years. It drove at least $1.5B in revenue, more by now. I taught it to over 4,500 gyms. And I bet more than 10,000+ gyms used versions of the promotion without licensing it. Maybe you saw ads for it in your local market. And yes, if you’re curious, it got more sophisticated as time went on. How Paid Ads Work Paid ads are a way to advertise one-to-many to cold audiences. People who don’t know you. Paid ads work by paying another person or business to put your offer in front of their audience. Think of it like renting eyeballs or earballs. And because you don’t need to spend time building an audience, paid ads are the fastest way to get the most people to see your stuff– You trade money for reach. A considerable advantage when you know what you’re doing. Ads are riskier. But, when done right, they can get you more leads than any other method. With warm and cold outreach we have to do more stuff to reach more people. To reach more people with free content, we depend on the platform or audience sharing it if they feel like it. Paid ads are different. The reach is guaranteed. But getting your money back isn’t. So it’s a game of efficiency rather than reach. Let me explain: In principle, if you paid enough money, you could get every person in the world to see your ad. And, if every person in the world saw your ad, someone would buy. Even if only by accident (ha). So the question isn’t “do ads work?” it’s “how well can you make them work?” In other words, it’s a push and pull between how much you spend and how much they buy. And like cold outreach, paid ads go to colder lower trust audiences. So even with good offers, a smaller percentage of people will respond. And like cold outreach, paid ads get over this hurdle by putting your offer in front of more people. And if an ad isn’t profitable, most of the time, it’s because the right people never saw it. So to make an ad profitable, the right people have to see it. This keeps our ads efficient. This chapter reveals how I create more efficient paid ads by finding needles in the haystack. I start with the entire world as my audience (haystack) then narrow down to get a higher percentage of engaged leads (needles). First, I pick a platform that contains my ideal audience. Second, I use whatever targeting methods that exist within the platform to find them. Third, I craft my ad in a way that repels anyone else. Finally, I tell whoever’s left standing to take