# Heading: Full_Text (Part 28)
with my “brick.” Now let’s do it for real. 9 VALUE OFFER: CREATING YOUR GRAND SLAM OFFER PART I: PROBLEMS & SOLUTIONS “ABC, Easy as 123 Ah, simple as doh reh mi” MICHAEL JACKSON, “ABC” W hen I started my gym, I struggled. I wanted so deeply to be successful, prove my dad wrong about my decision to start my own business, and prove to myself that I was worth something. But try as I did, I couldn't even sell people into a $99/mo bootcamp. People would say, “LA Fitness is $29/mo. This is expensive.” I even tried getting people to start for free. They said they wouldn't bother because $99/mo afterwards was still too much, and they didn't want to start something they wouldn't continue with. It’s a new level of frustration when you can’t even give your services away for free to people. I felt worthless, and I didn't know what to do. Thankfully, during this time, I was in groups with other gym owners, and I started hearing about marketers and books. I devoured everything I could. And as soon as I stumbled on Dan Kennedy’s books, I was hooked. In his books, he talked about making “irresistible offers.” Again, this theme of “making an offer so good people would feel stupid to say no” kept re-appearing. But this time, remembering what TJ had told me, I decided to go all in on this concept, rather than just do what everyone else was doing. But how? Everyone else was selling $99/mo bootcamps. How was I going to compete? So I decided to look at what we did differently. I thought — what do they really want? No one wants a membership; they want to lose weight. Step #1: Identify Dream Outcome I had heard of weight loss challenges, so I started there. Lose 20lbs in 6 weeks. Big dream outcome - lose 20lbs. With a decreased time delay - 6 weeks. Note: I wasn't selling my membership anymore. I wasn’t selling the plane flight. I was selling the vacation. When you are thinking about your dream outcome, it has to be them arriving at their destination and what they would like to experience. Step #2: List Problems Next, I wrote down all the things people struggled with and their limiting thoughts around them. When listing out problems, think about what happens immediately before and immediately after someone uses your product/service. What's the “next” thing they need help with? These are all the problems. Think about it in insane detail. If you do, you will create a more valuable and compelling offer as you’ll continually be answering people’s next problem as it manifests.. So, let’s go ahead and list out the problems from a prospect’s perspective as you think about them. What points of friction exist for them? I like to think in the sequence that the customer will experience each of these obstacles. Again, channel insane detail (the more problems the better!). Example Problem List: Weight Loss First thing they must do: Buying healthy food, grocery shopping 1. Buying healthy food is hard, confusing, and I won’t like it 2. Buying healthy food will take too much time 3. Buying healthy food is expensive 4. I will not be able to cook healthy food forever. My family’s needs will get in my way. If I travel I won’t know what to get. Next thing they must do: Cooking healthy food 1. Cooking healthy food is hard and confusing. I won’t like it, and I will suck at it. 2. Cooking healthy food will take too much time 3. Cooking healthy food is expensive. It’s not worth it. 4. I will not be able to buy healthy food forever. My family’s needs will get in my way. If I travel I won’t know how to cook healthy. Next thing they must do: Eating healthy food 1) Etc... Next thing they must do: Exercise Regularly 1) Etc... Now we’re gonna go full circle here. Each of the above problems has four negative elements. And you guessed it, each aligns with the four value drivers as well. 1. Dream Outcome→ This will not be financially worth it 2. Likelihood of Achievement→ It won’t work for me specifically. I won't be able to stick with it. External factors will get in my way. (This is the most unique and service-specific of the problem buckets). 3. Effort & Sacrifice→ This will be too hard, confusing. I won’t like it. I will suck at it. 4. Time→ This will take too much time to do. I am too busy to do this. It will take too long to work. It won’t be convenient for me. Now, go ahead and list out all the problems your prospect has. Don’t let these buckets, which are