# Heading: Full_Text (Part 11)
trust. So we can charge to solve the remaining problems with our core offer and help them achieve their broader goal. Action Step: Pick the narrowly defined problem you want to solve. Then, make sure your core offer can solve the next problem that comes up. Step 2: Figure out how to solve it There are three types of lead magnets and each offers a different type of solution. First, if your audience has a problem they don’t know about, your lead magnet would make them aware of it. Second, you could solve a recurring problem for a short amount of time with a sample or trial of your core offer. Third, you can give them one step in a multi-step process that solves a bigger problem. All three solve one problem and reveal others. So your three types are: 1) Reveal Problems, 2) Samples and Trials, and 3) One Step Of A Multi-Step Process. 1) Reveal Their Problem. Think “diagnosis.” These lead magnets work great when they reveal problems that get worse the longer you wait. ○ Example: You run a speed test that shows their website loads at 30% below the speed it should. You draw a clear line between where they should be and how much money they lose by being below standards. ○ Example: You do a posture analysis and show them what their posture should look like. You draw a clear line to what their pain-free life would look like if their posture were fixed and how you can help. ○ Example: You do a termite inspection that reveals what happens when the bugs eat their home. If they do have termites, you can get rid of them for cheaper than the cost of… another home. If they don’t, they can pay you to prevent the termites from coming to begin with! You can sell ‘em either way. Win-win! 2) Samples And Trials. You give full but brief access to your core offer. You can limit the number of uses, time they have access, or both. This works great when your core offer is a recurring solution to a recurring problem. ○ Example: You hook them up to your faster server and show their website loading at lightning speed. They get more customers from your faster load times. If they want to keep it, they need to keep paying you. ○ Example: You give a free adjustment for their bad posture and they experience relief. To get permanent benefits, they must buy more. ○ Example: Food, cosmetics, medicine, or any other consumables. Consumables, by nature, have limited uses and solve recurring problems... with recurring use. So single serving, “fun sized,” etc. samples are great lead magnets. It’s how Costco sells more food than other stores–they give out samples! 3) One Step Of A Multi-Step Process. When your core offer has steps, you can give one valuable step for free and the rest when they buy. This works great when your core offer solves a more complex problem. ○ Example: This book. I help you get to $1,000,000+ per year in profit. Then you’ll have new problems we can help you solve, and scale from there. ○ Example: You give away a free wood sealant for a garage door. But the sealing process requires three different coats to protect from all weather conditions. I do the first one free, explain how it only gives partial coverage, and offer the other two in a bundle. ○ Example: You give away free finance courses, guides, calculators, templates, etc. They are so valuable people really can do it all themselves. But, they also reveal the time, effort, and sacrifice of doing it all. So you offer financial services to solve all that. Action Step: Pick how you want to solve your narrowly defined problem. Step 3: Figure out how to deliver it There are unlimited ways to solve problems. But my favorite lead magnets solve them with: software, information, services, and physical products. And each of those works great with the three types of lead magnets from step two. I’ll show you what I’ve done to attract gym owners using each lead magnet type. 1) Software: You give them a tool. If you have a spreadsheet, calculator, or small software, your technology does a job for them. Ex: I give away a spreadsheet or dashboard that gives a gym owner all their relevant business stats, compares them to industry averages, then gives them a rank. 2) Information: You teach them something. Courses, lessons, interviews with experts, keynote presentations, live events, mistakes and pitfalls, hacks/tips, etc. Anything they can learn from. Ex: I give away a mini course for gyms on how to write an ad. 3) Services: You do work for free. Adjust their back. Perform a website audit.