# Heading: Full_Text (Part 74)
what draft I was on. I took pictures behind the scenes of me printing out drafts. I showed the many versions of the frameworks I drew. I shared videos of myself editing the book early in the morning and late at night, etc…all of it made people who want leads get curious and pay attention. Action Step: Start whispering every four to six weeks until you get sixty days out. Then whisper every two to three weeks until you get thirty days out. Then, start teasing… Tease: Think “Elements Of Value.” It’s time to start satisfying all the curiosity you created during the whisper phase. Reveal your product, make the date of the launch public, and start showing the elements of value. Use the What-Who-When Framework from the paid ads chapter. For example during my book launch, the tease phase: I was more specific and revealed more “hard” information about the book. I started advertising how the book satisfied the dream outcome of limitless leads. Of doing less work, and getting it done faster than they could imagine. I also showed dozens of examples using the book to its potential. Action Step: Start teasing once per week until fourteen days out. Then tease twice per week until three days out. Three days out, it’s time to shout from the rooftops. Shout: Think “Call to Action.” Give specific actions for the audience to take when the product launches. Now you start pounding the audience with bonuses, scarcity, urgency, and guarantees around being “the first ones.” You shout to get as many people exposed to your offer as you can. For example during my book launch, the shout phase: I gave specific calls to action. Short, sweet, clear reminders to register for the book launch. I reminded everyone of the exclusive bonuses only for people who bought during the launch. Action Step: Shout at least twice a day starting three days out. On the day of, start shouting every few hours until two hours out. Then shout every thirty minutes until you launch the product. Action Step: Get your affiliates to launch. Set them up with everything they need to do the whisper-tease-shout right. They do the advertising. You get the engaged leads. Everyone gets paid. Step 6: Keep Them Advertising The strategy we use to start them advertising differs from the one we use to keep them advertising. In an ideal world, you sell an affiliate once and they send engaged leads for life. Integration gets us there. I’ve got three ways you can integrate your product into their offer. I order these from easiest to hardest. First, you can get them to give away your lead magnet with every purchase of their stuff. Second, you can get them to sell your lead magnet separately to their audience. Third, you can get them to directly sell your core offer. They give away your lead magnet for free, which makes their core offer more valuable for no extra cost. Then, you upsell your core offer and every offer thereafter. 1) Affiliates Give Your Lead Magnet Away When Somebody Buys Their Stuff. The idea here is for your lead magnet to make the affiliate’s offer more valuable. This allows them to charge more for it and get more leads than they could without it. Remember, the best lead magnets give away a free trial or sample of your thing, reveal a problem, or offer a single step of a multi-step solution. Here are examples of each: Samples And Trials: Say I sell massages and recruit the personal training studio next door as an affiliate. Now, everyone who buys personal training from them gets a free massage from me. The personal training studio now has a stronger offer they can charge more for and we get more massage leads. Everybody wins. Reveal a Problem: Instead of giving a free massage, we offer a free or discounted posture assessment with every training package they sell. Assessments and discounts add less value to the affiliate’s offer, but some people will still do it. And to be clear, after assessing the customer, you make them an offer to solve the problems you revealed. One Step In A Multi-Step Process: Say you have a three-part treatment plan. Massage, stretching, and adjustments. People getting enough value from one step will fear missing out on the rest of the steps. So the more they think the other steps will help solve their larger problem, the more likely they are to buy them. Your affiliate would give away step one of your multi-step process for free. You’d upsell the leads from there. What I did. We’d get gym affiliates to give away a free nutrition consult to every new member. Then, we’d upsell our products at the consult. They can market