# Heading: Full_Text (Part 48)
Efficient paid ads make more money than they cost. If that sounds painfully obvious, good. You’ve already got most people beat. I measure paid ad efficiency by comparing the lifetime gross profit of a customer (LTGP) with the cost to acquire a customer (CAC). I express this ratio as LTGP to CAC. I Measure LTGP Instead of “Lifetime Value” or “LTV” Lifetime gross profit is all the money a customer ever spends on your stuff minus all the money it takes to deliver it. For example, if a customer buys something for $15 and it costs $5 to deliver it, your gross profit is $10. So if that customer buys ten things over their lifetime, then they bought a total of $150 in stuff. But it cost you a total of $50 to deliver that stuff. That makes the lifetime gross profit $100. Gross profit is important in general because it's the actual money you use to acquire customers, pay rent, cover payroll, and... everything else to run your business. So if you’ve ever heard me say “I’m getting 3 to 1 on this” I refer to my LTGP-to-CAC ratio. I compare how much I made against how much I spent. So if LTGP is greater than CAC, you have profitable advertising. If it’s lower than CAC, you’re losing money. What's a good LTGP to CAC ratio? Every business I invest in that struggles to scale has at least one thing in common - their LTGP to CAC ratio was less than 3 to 1. As soon as I get it above 3 to 1 (either through decreasing CAC or increasing LTGP), they take off. This is a pattern I personally observed, not a rule. You have two big levers to improving LTGP:CAC: Make CAC lower - Get cheaper customers. We do this with more efficient ads following the steps we just outlined. Make LTGP higher - Increase how much you make per customer. We do this with a better business model. For maximum money… I prefer to do both. For example, if you made a billion dollars per customer, then you could spend nine hundred and ninety-nine million dollars to get a customer and still have a million dollars leftover. You could spend pretty much whatever it takes to get a customer. No matter how crappy your ads - you’d still probably win. On the flip side, if you made one cent per customer, you’d have to get each customer for less than a penny to make it work. Even with the best ads, you’d fail. I bring this up because we speak with hundreds of entrepreneurs every month. They often think they have crappy ads (high CAC) when, in reality, they have a crappy business model (Low LTGP). Here’s a finding that will probably surprise you as much as it surprised me. The cost to acquire customers, between competitors in the same industry, is much closer than you’d think. The difference between the winners and the losers is how much they make off each customer. So how do you know if it’s your ads or your business model that needs work? I use the industry average CAC as my guide. Research your industry averages for the cost to acquire customers. If your CAC is below 3x your industry average (good), focus on your business model (LTGP). If your CAC is above 3x the average (bad), focus on your advertising (CAC). Things can only get so cheap. Eventually you just gotta make more. Think about it like this– lowering the cost of getting a customer by $100 will eventually take more work than making an extra $100 from them. So once your cost is low enough, focus on your business model. Costs can only approach zero but how much you make can go up to infinity. Increasing advertising efficiency beyond a certain point is like trying to “save your way” to a billion dollars. You feel like you’re making progress, but you’re never gonna get there. “My ads aren’t profitable, how do I fix it?” → Client Financed Acquisition For many businesses, LTGP is bigger than CAC. Yay. But not after the first purchase. Boo. The profit from the customer’s first purchase is often less than the cost to get them. It can take many months to collect the full LTGP. So you get your money later instead of now. This cash flow problem cripples your ability to scale ads and get more customers. Boo again. But… if your customer spends more than it costs you to get and fulfill them–in the first 30 days–then you have the funds to scale now and forever. I call this client financed acquisition. I pick thirty days because any business can get interest free money for thirty days in the form of