# Heading: Full_Text (Part 64)
I didn’t have the skills to train or lead a team properly. Second, I was too poor, and then (when I had a little money) too cheap to hire anyone better. In other words, it was my fault they sucked. Oops. The more I tried to outcompete my employees, the more distracted I became, and the worse my business got. Sure, at the time, maybe I could do anything better than any of my employees. But… I couldn’t do everything better than all my employees. And when I finally realized this, I started adopting better beliefs about talent: ‘If you want it done right, get someone to spend all their time doing it.’ ‘If I can do it, someone else can do it better.’ ‘Everyone is replaceable, especially me.’ These new beliefs about talent not only made a much healthier culture in my businesses but also came with very profitable side effects. Trusting my employees to succeed made my time and attention far more valuable. If somebody else can do it, why would I? If somebody else could train them, why would I? If I could learn other stuff to grow the business while my team held the fort down, it makes way more sense to do that. So let’s do that. How To Get Employee Leads: The Internal Core Four Remember the core four? Well, they work for getting employees too. Imagine that. By changing the frame from “letting potential customers know about your stuff” to “letting potential employees know about your stuff” it immediately turns into something you already know how to do. But some people also have the opposite problem–they already know how to get employees just fine but still struggle to get customers. Employees are just other people you let know about your stuff. So you do the same thing! Line up the actions to get employees with the actions to get customers. It’s the same stuff! Customers → Employees Warm Outreach→Asking Your Network Cold Outreach→ Recruiting Post Content→Posting Job Openings Paid Ads→Promoting Job Postings Customer Referrals→Employee Referrals Affiliates→ Associations, Guilds, Listservs etc. Agencies→ Staffing firms etc. Employees→Employees (unchanged) The ways you get employee leads and their lead getters have equivalents to the ways you get customer leads and their lead getters. So when you need to get new talent, you just advertise to get it. And when you need more, you do more. And like creating a reliable process to get customers, you can also create a reliable process of getting employees. And you’ll need both to scale. How To Get Employees To Get You Leads Now you hire someone who costs you money every month. Great. Let’s make sure you make it back, and some ASAP. Note–some people looking for work will already know how to get leads. Those people are awesome. You can also count on them to cost more. And if you’re starting out, you may not be able to afford them. So, your next best option is to train them. Thankfully, you have an entire book of lead-getting at your fingertips. So the next step is training your employees on how you do those lead-getting activities. I think about and actually approach training with this 3Ds mental model: document, demonstrate, duplicate. Here’s how it works. Step One - Document. You make a checklist. You already know how to do the thing. Now you just need to write down the steps exactly as you do it. You can also have other trusted observers watch you and document what you do. Bonus points if you record yourself doing the thing multiple ways and in multiple shifts. This way, you can watch yourself as an observer rather than breaking your flow by pausing to take notes while you go. Once you’ve got everything put into the checklist, bust it out on your next work block and only follow those steps. Can you do an A+ job only following your directions exactly? If you can, you have the first draft of your checklist for the job. Step Two - Demonstrate: You do it in front of them. Just like your parents taught you how to tie your shoes. You sit down and walk them through the checklist step by step. This may take a while depending on how many steps it takes to complete the thing. If they stop you, or slow you down to understand something, adjust your checklist for that. Now you have the second draft ready for them to try. Step Three - Duplicate: They do it in front of you. Now it’s their turn. They follow the same checklist you followed. Except this time, they’re the one doing, and you’re the one observing. We just want them to duplicate what we did. So if the checklist is right, the outcome will