# Heading: Full_Text (Part 65)
be the same. And if the checklist is off–you’ll find out fast! Fix your checklist until it’s right. Then, have them follow it until they get it right. And once they nail it, you now have a bonafide lead-getter on your payroll. Congratulations! After you train your first few employees this way, you’ll have worked out the kinks for that job and it’s pretty smooth sailing from there. At least the training part anyways. Think about it this way, if you vanished tomorrow, could a stranger get the results you get if they only followed your checklist? That’s the level of clarity to shoot for. Some helpful notes on training: A helpful way to look at this training style is: If they get it wrong or get confused then we got it wrong or made it confusing. If we have to explain what a step means then the step is too complicated. Or, more likely, we tried to put multiple steps into one. If they only appear to “get it” after a longish explanation or multiple demonstrations then, again, we’ve got some work to do. Business owners that ignore this run into chronic training problems. And, word to the wise, you can probably force an inferior checklist to work, but this turns into a nightmare when somebody else takes over your training for you. There is a difference between competence and performance. In other words, they can know exactly what to do and not be that good at it yet. If that’s the case, then your instructions are fine and they just need practice. Using an analogy from the fitness world–think “slow then smooth then fast.” You don’t need to change anything, they just need more reps. Focus on your employee’s ability to follow directions more than whether they get the right result. This is super important because if you train your employees to follow directions then… they will follow directions. And, if they follow directions and get the wrong result… then you know it’s the directions. That’s good. You have a lot more control over that. Everytime they do a step successfully–let them know they did it right. And if they respond to praise, praise them! And if they goof, that’s OK too. That’s what training is for. Don’t take over for them when they mess up–simply pause, take a step back, and let them try it again. Fast feedback cycles to get people to learn faster. If they follow your directions exactly and get the wrong result–still praise them for following the directions. Praise them, then make the corrections to your checklist on the spot. Avoid punishment or penalties of any type for doing stuff wrong during training. As a rule of thumb–reward the good stuff you want them to do more of and they'll do more of it. Learning a new skill is punishing enough, we don't need to add to it. It’s hard to fix multiple things when you've never done something before. Give feedback one step at a time. Give one piece of feedback at a time. Practice until they get it right. Then, move to the next step. Whenever there is a major dip from normal performance, retrain the team. They stopped doing an important step in the process (often because they didn’t know it was important). Once you figure out the step, reward people for following it going forward. How to Calculate Returns From Lead-Getting Employees Excluding the cost of running paid ads, the cost of advertising (outreach, content, etc.) with employees is almost entirely based on the amount of money you pay them to do it. We simplify this by just comparing how much money we spend on payroll to how much money the engaged leads they get bring in: ● Total Payroll / Total Engaged Leads = Cost per engaged lead. ○ Ex: $100,000 / 1000 leads = $100 per engaged lead ● If one out of ten of the engaged leads become customers then our CAC is $1000 ○ ($100 per engaged lead) x (10 engaged leads per customer) = $1000 CAC ● If each customer has an LTGP of $4000 then you have an LTGP : CAC of 4:1 ○ ($4000 LTGP) / ($1000 CAC) = 4:1 For example: at the time of this writing, I get about 30,000 engaged leads per month at Acquistion.com. I run no paid ads, and do no outreach. But the team responsible for creating the content that generates that interest is about $100,000 per month. This means, it costs me roughly $3.33 per engaged lead ($100,000 / 30,000 leads) in payroll to generate them. We make much more than $3.33 per lead, so we’re profitable. You can apply the same math to whatever advertising method you use. How To Know Which Employees to