# Heading: Full_Text (Part 4)
arms would tire from holding the phone up for so long. “I’m sorry Mr. Hormozi,” the voice on the other end of the line said, “we have to hold onto these funds for the next six months. We’ve seen some irregular activity, so this is precautionary.” “Are you fucking kidding me, $120-grand,” I said. “A ‘precaution’!?” “I’m sorry sir, our underwriting team―” “Yeah, I heard you,” I said, cutting him off. “I don’t accept that.” “Sir, it’s not up to me it’s just our pol―” “What am I gonna tell my salesman, who has a baby and another on the way? Are you going to tell him he’s not going to be able to buy his pregnant wife and newborn food? Are you going to pay his mortgage for him?” I was seething. “Sir―” he began again, with unphased apathy, just trying to deliver the news. “It’s not yours to take.” My aggression was quickly turning into desperation. “Shit, just send me half so I can pay my employees,” I pleaded “It’s Christmas Eve for fuck’s sake.” “Sir, we’re going to be holding onto the entirety of your funds for the next six months per your agreement . . . ” The voice faded into the distance. Fuck. I hung up and checked my accounts. $23,036. I owed my salesman a $22,000 commission check for $120,000 in sales I never got. Without wanting to give myself the opportunity to think about it, I wired it to him. -$22,000 Payment Successful. Balance $1,036. Fuck I screenshotted this image of my bank account because I knew I would tell this story some day. The sunlight blinded me as we emerged from the matinee. Families shuffled in and out through the revolving doors, making their happy memories. I was in a daze. Leila led me to the car, her hand wrapped firmly around mine. “What’s wrong? What happened?” she asked. “The money isn’t coming.” “What do you mean?” she asked. “It’s delayed?” I exhaled in defeat. “They are keeping it all.” “Can they do that!?” “Apparently,” I said stoically, trying to maintain my composure in front of her parents. “What are you gonna do about the commissions?” “I already paid him. Everything.” I said it without looking at her. Leila’s concern turned to dread. We sat in silence the whole way home. I stared out the window. She held my hand in hers. It was more comforting than I anticipated. We’ll get through this. 30 days earlier . . . I had decided to go all in on this new business I called “Gym Launch.” Here was the idea: I would fly around the country to gyms and fill them up to full capacity using this new methodology that hinged on an offer I had perfected when I owned my chain of gyms. Leading up to this moment, I had sold five of my six gyms. The funds from selling them, my life’s work, I had put into an account I had with a new partner. This money was supposed to be the seed money for our new company. I was finally going to realize some level of success. My alarm went off. I groggily swung my arm over blindly clawing at the bedside table. I switched off the alarm, while Leila managed to sleep through the commotion. I laid there silently, pulling up the bank accounts ― a daily ritual. The balance said $300. Wait. That couldn’t be right. There was $46,000 in here yesterday. My adrenaline surged. Looking closer I saw “-$45,700 Payment Successful.” I was frantic. The money from selling all of my gyms was gone. I checked where the money went. To my “partner.” He had taken all the money out. Fuck. The last four years of my life had vanished that fast. I officially had nothing, and even less to show for it. No gyms. No equipment. No employees. Nothing. I felt dead inside. Adding insult to injury, in that same 30-day period, my mother was in critical condition because of a near fatal accident (and was still under 24-hour supervision), and I had totalled my car in a head on collision at 60 miles per hour and earned a DUI as my consolation prize. This was the cherry on top. My one saving grace during this time was selling a new “challenge offer” at a gym and collecting all the cash up front as my “fee” for turning their business around. So I did the only thing I knew. I sold. My salesman had done $120,000 in a single month, and I owed him a $22,000 commission check. The problem was the $120,000 never came. “We need to talk,” I said as Leila and I went into the other room. I worked up the courage to speak