# Heading: Full_Text (Part 29)
just meant to get your brain going, constrain you. If it’s easier for you, just list out everything you can possibly think of. What I showed here isn’t just four problems, though. We have 16 core problems with two to four sub problems underneath. So 32 to 64 problems total. Yowza. No wonder most people don't achieve their goals. Do not get overwhelmed. This is the best news ever. The more problems you think of, the more problems you get to solve. So, to recap, just list out each core thing that someone has to do. Then think of all the reasons they wouldn't be able to do it, or keep doing it (using the four value drivers as a guide). Now we get to the fun part: turning problems into solutions. Step #3: Solutions List Now that we have our dream outcome and all the obstacles that will get in someone’s way, it’s time to define our solutions and list them out. Creating the solutions list has two steps. First, we are going to first transform our problems into solutions. Second, we are going to name these solutions. That’s it. So let’s take a look at our list of problems from earlier. What we’re going to do is simply turn them into solutions by thinking, “What would I need to show someone to solve this problem?” Then we are going to reverse each element of the obstacle into solution-oriented language. This is copywriting 101. It’s beyond the scope of this book to get into, but simply adding “how to” then reversing the problem will give most people new to this process a great place to start. For our purposes, we are giving ourselves a checklist of exactly what we are going to have to do for our prospects and what we are going to solve for them. Once we have our list of solutions, we will operationalize how we are actually going to solve these problems (create value) in the next step. And I want to be 100 percent clear. You will solve every problem. We’ll explore how together, in the next step. PROBLEM→ SOLUTION PROBLEM: Buying healthy food, grocery shopping . . . is hard, confusing, I won’t like it. I will suck at it→ How to make buying healthy food easy and enjoyable, so that anyone can do it (especially busy moms!) . . . takes too much time→ How to buy healthy food quickly . . . is expensive→ How to buy healthy food for less than your current grocery bill . . . is unsustainable→ How to make buying healthy food take less effort than buying unhealthy food . . . is not my priority. My family’s needs will get in my way→ How to buy healthy food for you and your family at the same time . . . is undoable if I travel; I won’t know what to get→ How to get healthy food when traveling PROBLEM: Cooking healthy food . . . is hard, confusing. I won’t like it, and I will suck at it→ How anyone can enjoy cooking healthy meals easily . . . will take too much time→ How to cook meals in under 5 minutes . . . is expensive, it’s not worth it→ How eating healthy is actually cheaper than unhealthy food . . . is unsustainable → How to make eating healthy last forever . . . is not my priority, my family’s needs will get in my way→ How to cook this despite your families concerns . . . is undoable if I travel I won’t know how to cook healthy→ How to travel and still cook healthy PROBLEM: Eating healthy food . . . is hard, confusing, and I won’t like it→ How to eat delicious healthy food, without following complicated systems . . . etc PROBLEM: Exercise Regularly . . . is hard, confusing, and I won’t like it, and I will suck at it → Easy to follow exercise system that everyone enjoys ….etc. Okay, whew. That’s a lot of problems (and a lot of intuited solutions courtesy of divergent thinking). You’ll also notice that a lot of them are repetitive. That’s totally normal. The value drivers are the four core reasons. Our problems always relate to those drivers, and our solutions provide the needed answer to give a prospect permission to purchase. What's even crazier: is that if only one of these needs is missing in a solution, it can cause someone not to buy. You would be amazed at the reasons people do not buy. So don’t limit yourself here. Brooke Castillo is a friend who runs an enormous life coaching business. To give you a different take on the problemssolutions list, Brooke sent me her list as she was