# Heading: Full_Text (Part 5)
the cash up front with almost no risk of refunds. This was working. But, we were still way short of the $150,000. At lunch, she listened to my master plan between mouthfuls. “Okay, the sales guys can stay home and sell this over the phone. If they do the same $1000 per day as you, with eight guys, we should hit $8,000 per day. In thirty days, we’ll make $240,000. After ad spend and commissions, we'll have enough to cover the $150,000.” “What about the gyms we’re supposed to launch?” “I’ll call 'em and tell ‘em we’re going in another direction. They haven't paid us anything, so there’s not much they can object to. I’ll start calling them after lunch.” The first call was to a gym owner in Boise, Idaho. “Hello?” I looked down to read the bullet points on my little script. “Hey man - we’re not doing launches anymore. We’re selling direct-toconsumer weight loss. So we won't be coming out and–” He interrupted. “But I really need this right now. I just refinanced my house and maxed out all my credit cards to keep my gym afloat. I put my life savings into this place. Is there any way you can help me? You launched my buddy’s gym. I know what you can do.” Given my worse than yours situation, I didn’t care how bad his finances were. So I tried to sound polite. “I get that it’s a hard time, but we’re not flying out. I’m sorry.” “Okay, okay. I get you can’t fly out. But is there any way you can just show me what to do? We really need this." I was beat up, exhausted, broke, and felt betrayed by the entire industry. I should have said “no” but instead, I said… “Fine. I’ll show you how to get leads, but I'm not flying out there to save you if you can’t sell.” “Totally get it. It’s on me. I can close. I just don't have anyone walking in the door. I need LEADS. How much to show me how to launch?” I looked down at my script. This is not how it was supposed to go. I wanted to say no and hang up. Our weight loss offer was working, and I didn't want distractions. He’d already told me he was broke, so I said the biggest number I could think of to get him off the phone. “$6000. Consider it my ‘selling my secrets’ sale.” “6k?” “Yes. Six thousand.” I said, articulating the whole number, hoping to scare him off. “6k? Okay - done.” What. I stood there slack-jawed, frozen in disbelief. Six. Thousand. Dollars. I floated out of myself and watched the conversation happen. I still get choked up thinking about it. “Oh…uhh…great…what card do you wanna use?” Now, trying not to scare away the Six. Thousand. Dollars. Panicked, I wrote his card information on the flap of a cardboard box. “When do I start?” he asked. “I’ll send you everything Monday morning.” Giving myself the insane task of packaging my entire gym leads and sales system in forty-eight hours. He agreed. I hung up and sat in shock. Once I came to my senses, I ran the credit card. $6000…success. Is this real? I desperately wanted to tell Leila, but she was on a sales call. Fifteen minutes later, she walked in. “Got another one,” she said. “You won’t believe this. I just sold our Gym Launch system for $6000 to the gym in Boise.” “What? I thought we were doing weight loss.” "Yea, I know. So did I, but…” She waited. “…I think we’re still in the gym business…I think we were just doing it wrong.” She needed more details. I didn’t have any yet. “I’m gonna call the gyms we planned to launch next month and see if they’ll buy it too.” “Uhhh…okay.” She said. The next call went the same except when he said “How much?” I said, “$8,000.” He agreed. Next call, same thing, except I said, “$10,000.” He agreed. All eight gyms we planned to launch said yes to licensing the launch materials instead. In a single day, I collected $60,000 selling something with zero cost to fulfill. In a single day, I was a third of the way out of my $150,000 prison. I spent five years developing that advertising system. It finally paid off. Doing the thing that scared me most - giving away my secrets - led to the biggest breakthrough in my life. “I can’t believe it,” I said. “I think we can get out of this.” “So… are we not doing the weight loss thing?” “No. I guess not…I think we’ve had something here all along. We just had to put the pieces together.” “Do you think anyone else will