# Heading: Full_Text (Part 42)
of that, they can have a more extended payment plan that you can only make available to them since the start date is so far out . . . an advantage that most clients do not get. In the end, remember, you always have the advantage because you are the one who calls the shots. 2) Rolling Seasonal Urgency In a digital setting, having actual sign up date countdowns is very useful. But make sure they are real. If they aren’t, you’ll lose credibility and just look like every other wannabe marketer. This is very common with internet businesses that use “launch” models. I personally love having the dates that I am running a promotion through on my landing pages and in my copy. I want it to be visible everywhere. The nice thing is that you can always fire up another ad campaign and a new landing page with new dates and be right as rain. You will see your conversions go through the roof, and it takes maybe five minutes of editing — well worth the time investment. Example: Our New Year Promotion ends Jan 30! Next Month: Our Valentines Lovers Promo Ends Feb 30! Next Month: Our Sexy By Spring Special Ends March 31! Next Month: Our Fools in Love April Promo Ends April 30! The actual promotion may be the same, but naming it something different “by season” gives you a “real” differentiator that gives you a start and a finish. Deadlines drive decisions. By simply having these, you can point to them and let human beings push themselves over the edge so as not to miss out. Pro Tip - Local Businesses: This is my number one strategy for local businesses. They must vary their marketing more frequently than national advertisers. Putting a new wrapper with a date on the same core service gives you urgency and novelty that will consistently outperform the “same old” campaigns. 3) Pricing or Bonus-Based Urgency This is another way of creating urgency using your actual offer or promotion/pricing structure as the thing they could miss out on (kind of brilliant!). It allows businesses that sell clients year round to still use urgency. For example, “Yes, let’s get you started today so you can take advantage of the discount you came in for. I’m not sure how long we will be running it as we change them every 4 weeks or so, and this is one of the better ones we have run in a while.” This creates some fear of missing out on the promotion (or discount or bonuses), rather than your actual service. It would be a lie to say that if you own a roofing business you won’t service them if they buy after the date. But, if you talk specifically about the promotion you can often elicit the same urgency on buying in the prospect while maintaining your integrity — winwin. You can interchange a pricing promotion, discount, or added bonuses like free install or free onboarding or an extra workshop (valued at $1,000) if they buy now. These are all things you can swap around your core offer to create urgency. Pro Tip - Clean Your Pipeline With Every Price Change: If you ever really are planning on raising your prices (hopefully soon if you are reading this book!) then you can always clean out your pipeline by letting people know “The price is going up! So get in now!” Never raise your prices without letting people know. It shows a position of strength and will give you a nice little influx of cash from the people in the pipeline who were on the fence. 4) Exploding Opportunity On occasion you will be exposing the prospect to an arbitrage opportunity. The opportunity itself has a ticking time clock, as all great opportunities do. Every second someone delays, they miss out on disproportionate gains. Example: If I was explaining an arbitrage opportunity between buying products on ebay and selling them on amazon, this market inefficiency would over time correct itself. The sooner someone acts the better it will be for them. This could be true for selling someone on the opportunity of trading crypto currencies, buying a stock, getting into a new platform to advertise before competitors jump on the bandwagon. Highly competitive job environments often get job offers that are “exploding offers” everyday they wait to take the job, their pay or bonuses decrease. This forces prospects to make fast decisions rather than try and “wait it out” to see if they get a better offer. All of these examples show opportunities that decay with time, so if you find yourself in front of an opportunity like this, make sure to emphasize it! Summary Points Adding a deadline and incorporating one or multiple forms of