# Heading: Full_Text (Part 20)
entirely different going on here.” That is how you create a category of one. In this new perceived marketplace, you are a monopoly and can make monopoly profits. That is the point. One final point I want to drive home: if you offer a service where a customer must do something in order to achieve the result, or solve the problem you say you solve, they must be invested. The more invested they are, the more likely they are to achieve the positive result. Therefore, it follows that if you care about your customers, you should get them as invested as humanly possible. Ideally, this means pricing your services or product in such a way that it stings a little when they buy. That sting will force and focus their attention and their investment in your product or service. Those who pay the most, pay the most attention. And if your customers are more adherent and follow through, and if they achieve better results with your service than your competition, then you are in a very real way providing more value than anyone else. This is how you win. But I know this isn’t easy, and it shouldn’t be. Your product must deliver. So many wish to shortcut the real work. Do that and you will fail. In the real world, to have the “gonads” to charge big ticket prices, you must outwork your self doubt. You must be so confident in your delivery, because you have done it so many times, that you know that this person will succeed. Experience is what gives you the conviction to ask for someone’s entire year’s salary as payment. You must believe so deeply in your solution that when you look at yourself in the mirror at night, alone, your conviction remains unshakable. So let me bring this section home with my personal experience. My Premium Price Experience In my first niche consulting business — Gym Launch — I teach gym owners a better business model. Before productizing my consulting services, I flew out to 33 gyms in 18 months to do full turnarounds. We would fly out, fix everything in the gym, and relaunch it in 21 days. We would average an increase in $42,000 in additional sales in 21 days. It was wild. My fee was the 100% of the revenue I would bring in. At our peak, we were turning around eight gyms a month. This quickly became a logistical nightmare. After the wear and tear of living in motels month after month after month, I thought to myself there has to be a better way to do this. One month, there was a gym we were scheduled to go fly out to. But, I simply didn’t want to do it. So I told them we were going to cancel the engagement. The gym owner practically threatened me to help him. So I said I would help him, but he would have to do all the work, but I would show him how. Within thirty days, this gym had made almost $44,000 in new up front cash collected sales (4x their previous month). As soon as I saw that my process could be duplicated from afar, without me having to fly people in. . .our business exploded. I had found the missing link because my travel schedule was no longer a constraint. We went on to sell 4000+ more gyms over the next few years (and counting) using a done-with-you rather than a done-for-you model. But. . .back to premium pricing. When I entered the space, low-price competitors offered full-service marketing for $500 per month, with a single highprice competitor charging $5,000 for his product. I wanted to be the premium price leader. I wanted to be so expensive that it created allure around what we were doing. So, we came in at three-times the highest-priced player and 32 times more than the lower-priced players. A price of $16,000 for a 16-week, done-with-you intensive. Then we upsold 35 percent of those people into a three-year, $42,000/year agreement for us to help them grow their gyms. For context: The average gym owner makes $35,280/year in take-home profits. If that’s the average, it means half make even less than that. So for many of them, they were committing to half of their yearly pay or more to buy our program. And I was selling this to grown men as a kid in his twenties, telling them I was going to help them make more money. This was possible because my conviction was stronger than their skepticism. How? Based a voluntary survey taken at our last full company event, with 158 gyms responding, we found that a Gym Launch gym who has been in our program for 11 months will experience the following