# Heading: Full_Text (Part 79)
leaned in. Pen in hand. His answer changed my life: “At this point, I don’t expect to learn anything new from courses. I have to learn by doing. And I ‘do’ by spending a percentage of my revenue to test new campaigns, new channels, new pages, or just plain crazy ideas. And I learn something every time I test, so the money is well spent. Whenever one of these tests is a winner, and some are, it’s a big deal. I learn something amazing and make far more money than I spent. It raises the bar for my business and, more importantly, myself. So whether it's 1%, 5%, or 10%, set some percentage of your advertising budget aside to try new things without expecting a return. Consider it an investment in your education.” I felt chills go through me like some judgment demon left my body. He gave me permission to fail. None of this is magic. If he can do this, so can I. *** The next week, I tripled my advertising budget. Yes, it was a bit aggressive. But my mindset had completely changed. I’d either make more, or get better: Our business went from $400,000 in June to $780,000 in July. From there, my cost to get customers went up too high. So I tried new audiences. Most failed. Then, a hit. Boom, we cruised past $1M to $1.2M to $1.5M per month. Then, I realized we didn’t follow up with our engaged leads… at all. We tested email. Didn’t work. We tested phone calls. Nothin’. Then I tried text blasts. Wham, we zoomed to $1.8M the next month. From there, we tested paid ads like crazy. We made way more of them and put more focus on their production value. Boom. We cruised past $2.5M per month. Then, we launched our affiliate program and stacked another $1.5M per month on top. That took us past $4m per month. Years later, our portfolio now does more than $16,000,000 per month. So test until you find something that works. Take massive action. Stay focused. Double down on it until it breaks. Then test until you find the next thing that works, and double down on that. Taking these leaps are the only way to unlock the business you want and the life that comes with it. And maybe, slay your judgment demon too. So from now on… You either win or you learn. The End of the Beginning Your speed to making big money depends on how fast you learn the skills to making big money. Getting more engaged leads with the skills of advertising, is a great start to making more money. In fact, if you make any amount of money, more engaged leads will make you even more. And, sadly, those skills take time to learn. So I share my experiences to shave years off your time. To shorten the gap between no money and mo’ money. It’s time to make it happen. Outline Of The “Get Started” Section This final section has three chapters. They are short and sweet, just like our time together. In the first chapter, Advertising in real life– I’ll lay out my one big advertising rule. Then, I’ll give you my personal one-page advertising plan you can use to get more engaged leads, today. In the next chapter, Putting It all Together– I’ll lay out the roadmap to scale from your first few leads all the way to your $100M Leads machine. Finally, A Decade In Page–I’ll distill everything we learned into bullets to show how far we’ve come in our time together. Then, to send you on your way, I’ll share a parable that has gotten me through even my hardest times. Advertising in Real Life: Open To Goal If some is good, more is better. June 2014. When I launched my first gym, I used the same paid ads I used at Sam’s gym from way back. And they worked, for a while. Over time, the costs started creeping up. I got less leads for the same money. But, I still needed more customers. I wasn’t sure what to do. I talked to a mentor who ran a chain of tanning salons for some advice. He said “before all this fancy internet stuff, flyers crushed for us, you should try those.” So, try them we did. We printed 300. Over the next day, we put them on cars in areas close to the gym. A day passed. Nothing. The next day, the phone rang. Finally! “Hey, you put a flyer on my car–” My heart raced. It worked! “–Yes, yes I did! How can I–?” But before I could finish, he interrupted right back. “–yea, you scratched my Mercedes…” Crap. “...you’re gonna need to pay for–” I panicked and