# Heading: Full_Text (Part 56)
or growing market, and why niches get you riches. 3. Why you should charge a lot of money. 4. How to charge a lot of money using the four core value drivers. 5. How to create your value offer in five steps. 6. How to stack the value, deliver it, and make it profitable. 7. How to shift the demand curve in your favor using scarcity, 8. How to use urgency to decrease the action threshold of buyers 9. How to strategically use bonuses to increase the demand of your offer 10. How to completely reverse buyer risk with a creative guarantee. 11. How to name it in a way that resonates with your avatar. You now have a valuable, high margin, de-commoditized grand slam offer. This is the first building block of a wonderful business — a product or service that people desperately want and truly solves their problem. For many, this will be enough to make far more sales, at higher prices, with more profit. Your first true grand slam offer should be able to get you to your first $100,000. For others, you will still want more. Which is 100 percent your right as a capitalist. There’s so much more to building an acquisition machine profitably. I could not cover it all in one book. Out of respect for you, I wanted to make this thorough but manageable. That being said, the next book is dedicated to exactly that — getting more — through generating leads. In that book, I will break down exactly how to acquire customers at a profit. Meaning, if you structure your promotions correctly, you should never have to pay for a new customer again. That is the subject of Acquisition.com Volume II $100M: Lead Generation. Final Thoughts Entrepreneurship is about acquiring skills, beliefs, and character traits. To advance, I find that we must determine which skills, beliefs, and character traits we lack. Most times, we simply need to improve. And the only way to do that is through learning from experience and/or high quality sources. I have received terrible advice from people who were ahead of me at the time. And though experience is the best teacher, she is not the kindest. It is my most sincere hope that what I produce provides the guidance I so desperately needed when I was coming up on my entrepreneurial journey. And I wish I could cover it all in a single book (for my sake and yours). But, to do you the service I wish I had had, I cannot. The devil is in the details. Excellence exists in the depth of knowledge and nuances. That’s what separates the greats from everyone else. I hope that in all the content I produce you see my dedication to this detail and nuance that makes all the difference. These lessons were hard won. I hope you’ve enjoyed this first volume in my offers series. Before we move forward into volume two, where we’ll be focusing on lead generation, as mentioned above, I wanted to circle back to where we started. After reading this book, I hope: 1. You’re well on the path to creating your first Grand Slam Offer. Or at the very least, can take components that you were missing in your offer to make it more compelling to your market. 2. I’ve delivered on my promise from the beginning of this book: that investing two to three hours of your time here would yield you a far higher return than just about anything else you could do. 3. I hope in return I’ve taken one small step towards earning the thing I value most from you -- your trust. Finally, I hope this book creates a small dent in improving the world because I believe no one is coming to save us. It’s up to us, as entrepreneurs, to innovate our way into a better world. And that’s something I’m willing to devote my life to. And I hope you are, too. I’m grateful for your attention. You could have given it to anything, and you chose to invest it with me. I take it in high regard. So, sincerely, thank you. Stay hungry, Alex PS - (see golden ticket below) GOLDEN TICKET: ADMIT ONE If you’re doing $3M to $50M per year and you’d like my help 1-on-1 scaling your business go to Acquisition.com. Specifically, we help service, education, training, consulting, brick and mortar, or niche licensing companies scale so profitably they only have to get rich once. I’m not the “make your first dollar” person, I’m the “make the last dollar you’ll ever need to make” person. If that sounds like you, you’re savvy enough to figure out how to get ahold of me on my site & book a call. Would