# Heading: Full_Text (Part 85)
to buy, my next book will be on persuasion and sales. It may or may not be out by the time you read this. It’ll either be called $100M Sales or Persuasion. I haven’t decided yet. But if you search my name you can look for any other books that may be out by the time you read this. 4) If you want a job at Acquisition.com or in one of our portfolio companies - we love hiring from #mozination. We love doing this because we’ve found our best returns investing in great people. Go to Acquisition.com/careers/open-jobs, and you can see all the job openings across all our companies and our portfolio. 5) If your company is over $1M in EBITDA (profit), we’d love to invest in your business to help you scale. It brings so much pleasure to know our portfolio companies have grown much bigger and faster than mine because they avoided the mistakes I made. If you want us to take a look under the hood and see if we can help go to Acquisition.com. Sending your info is fast and easy. 6) To get the free book downloads and video trainings that come with this book, go to Acquisition.com/training/leads. 7) If you like listening to podcasts and want to hear more, my podcast at the time of this writing is top 5 in entrepreneurship and top 15 in business in the US. You can get there by searching “Alex Hormozi” wherever you listen. Or, by going to Acquisition.com/podcast. I share useful and interesting stories, valuable lessons, and the essential mental models I rely on every day. 8) If you like to watch videos, we put a lot of resources into our free training, available for everyone. We intend on making it better than any paid stuff out there, and let you decide if we succeeded. You can find our videos on YouTube or wherever you watch videos by searching “Alex Hormozi”. 9) And if you like short form videos, check out the bite sized content we pump out on the daily at Acquisition.com/media. You’ll see all the places we post and you can pick the ones you like the most. And last, thank you again. Please be one of those givers and share this with other entrepreneurs by leaving a review. It would mean the world to me. I’m sending you business building vibes from my desk. I spend a lot of time there, so it’s a lot of vibes. May your desire be greater than your obstacles. Hope to meet you and your company soon. Ad astra. Alex Hormozi, Founder, Acquisition.com