# Heading: Full_Text (Part 24)
anyway, so it's not weird. Then, when you make content, you have a bucket of fresh stories to work with. i) I note my ideas publicly: I used to keep ideas to myself. Now, I tweet them publicly as they happen. If a post does better than normal, I know it's something people find interesting. Then, I make more stuff on that topic. d) Trending: Go where the attention is. Look at what’s trending right now and make stuff about it. Apply your own experiences to it. If you have relevant commentary or it touches your expertise in some way, talk about it. Talking about trendy stuff is very effective for gaining the attention of a broader audience. e) Manufactured: Turn your ideas into reality. Pick a topic people find interesting. Then, learn about it, make it, or do it. Then, show it to the world. This costs the most time and effort since you have to create the experience versus talking about one you already had. But, it can have the biggest payouts. i) Example manufactured experience: I lived on $100 for a month. Here’s how. Now I don’t live that way, but I could manufacture that experience then make content about it. Action Step: Life happens–profit by sharing yours. Headlines. A headline is a short phrase or sentence used to grab the audience’s attention. It communicates the reason they should consume the content. They use it to weigh the likelihood they will get a reward for consuming your content versus another. Rather than give you a bunch of templates, I’d rather give you the timeless principles that make great headlines. And, there’s no greater headline creator than “the news.” So let’s study them. A meta-analysis of news revealed headline components that drove the most interest in stories. They are as follows. Try and include at least two in your headline. a. Recency - As recent as possible, quite literally the ‘new’s i. Example: People pay attention to something that happened an hour ago more than a year ago. b. Relevancy - Personally meaningful i. Example: Nurses pay more attention to stuff that affects nurses compared to stuff that affects accountants. c. Celebrity - Including prominent people (celebrities, authorities, etc.). i. Example: Normally, we wouldn’t care what another human has for breakfast every day. But if it’s Jeff Bezos, we do. Since he’s a celebrity, many people care. d. Proximity - Close to home – geographically i. Example: A house on fire across the country doesn’t get your attention. If it’s your neighbor, it sure does. Make it as close to home as possible. e. Conflict - of opposing ideas, opposing people, nature, etc. i. Example: Pineapple vs no Pineapple on pizza? Conflict! ii. Example: Good vs Evil. Hero vs Villain. Left vs Right. iii. Example: Freedom vs Security. Justice vs Mercy. You get the idea. f. Unusual - odd, unique, rare, bizarre i. Example: Think of a six-fingered man at the old-time circuses. If it’s outside of the norm, people pay more attention. g. Ongoing - Stories still in progress are dynamic, evolving, and have plot twists. i. Example: If someone goes into labor, people want updates every ten minutes because anything could happen. Action Step: Include one or more of these components to give yourself meatier, attention-grabbing headlines. Format. Once we have a good topic and communicate it with a headline using one or more components, we need to match our format to the best content on the platform. People consume content because it’s similar to stuff they’ve liked in the past. And matching the popular format of the platform gets the most people to interact with it. So, we want to make our content look like the stuff they’ve liked before. Format example: This meme communicates the point better than I can with words. All four images above are…well…images. But, they have a different look and feel. This is because formatting depends on the audience you want to hook and the platform your audience is on. Bottom Line: You’ve gotta make your content look like what they expect will reward them. Otherwise, no matter how good it is, betterlooking content will hook them before yours even has a chance. Action Step: Format your content for the platform first. Then, tweak it so it hooks your ideal audience. Use the best content on the platform that targets your market as your guide. This concludes the “hook” step of our content unit. Always following these basics will already put you in the top 1%. At least, it has for me. 2) Retain My favorite driver of retention is curiosity. It’s my favorite because, if done correctly, people will wait years. People want to know what happens…next. For example, I get messages daily, for years now, about when I