# Heading: Full_Text (Part 10)
Magnets Get Leads to Engage Offers are what you promise to give in exchange for something of value. Often, a business promises to give its product or service in exchange for money. This is a core offer. If you advertise your core offer, then you go straight for the sale–the direct path to money. Advertising your core offer might be all you need to get leads to engage. Try this way first. Sometimes, though, people want to know more about your offer before they buy. This is common for businesses that sell more expensive stuff. If that’s you, then you’ll often get more leads to engage by advertising with a lead magnet first. A lead magnet is a complete solution to a narrow problem. It’s typically a lower-cost or free offer to see who is interested in your stuff. And, once solved, it reveals another problem solved by your core offer. This is important because leads interested in lower-cost or free offers now are more likely to buy a related higher-cost offer later. Think of it like salty pretzels at a bar. If somebody eats the pretzels, they’ll get thirsty and order a drink. The salty pretzels solve the narrow problem of hunger. They also reveal a thirst problem solved by a drink, which they can get, in exchange for money. The pretzels have a cost, but when done right, the drink revenue covers the cost of the pretzels and nets a profit. So your lead magnet should be valuable enough on its own that you could charge for it. And, after they get it, they should want more of what you offer. This gets them one step closer to buying your stuff. A person who pays with their time now is more likely to pay with their money later. Good lead magnets get more engaged leads and customers than a core offer alone, and do it for less money. So let’s make a lead magnet, shall we? Seven Steps To Creating an Effective Lead Magnet Step 1: Figure out the problem you want to solve and who to solve it for Step 2: Figure out how to solve it Step 3: Figure out how to deliver it Step 4: Test what to name it Step 5: Make it easy to consume Step 6: Make it darn good Step 7: Make it easy for them to tell you they want more Something to keep in mind before we start - Grand Slam Offers work for free stuff as much or better than they do for paid stuff. So make your lead magnet so insanely good people will feel stupid saying no. And yes, this means you may have a few insanely valuable offers (even if some are free). But that’s a good thing. The business that provides the most value wins. Period. So let’s get started. Step 1: Figure out the problem you want to solve and who to solve it for Here’s a simple example we can walk through together…this book is a lead magnet. You are a lead. I want to solve an engaged lead problem. And I want to solve it for businesses making less than $1,000,000 in annual profit. With enough engaged leads, they can make more than $1,000,000+ in annual profit. Then, they qualify for my core offer: me investing in their company to help them scale. The first step is picking the problem to solve. I use a simple model to figure this out. I call it the Problem-Solution cycle. You can see it below. Every problem has a solution. Every solution reveals more problems. This is the never-ending cycle of business (and life). And, smaller problem-solution cycles sit inside larger problemsolution cycles. So how do we pick the right problem to solve? We start by picking a problem that’s narrow and meaningful. Then, solve it. And, like we just learned, when we solve one problem, a new problem reveals itself. Here comes the important part- if we can solve that new problem with our core offer, we’ve got a winner. This is because we solve this new problem in exchange for money. That’s it. Don’t overthink it. Example: Imagine we help homeowners sell their homes. That is a broad solution. But what about the steps before selling a home? Owners want to know what their house is worth. They want to know how to increase its value. They need pictures. They need it cleaned. They need landscaping. They need minor things fixed. They need moving services. They may need staging. Etc. These are all narrow problems–great for lead magnets. We pick one of the narrow problems and solve it for free. And although it helps, it makes their other problem more obvious–they still have to sell their home. But now we’ve earned their