# Heading: Full_Text (Part 11)
from all this: a business does the same work in both cases (with a commoditized or a Grand Slam Offer). The fulfillment is the same. But if one business uses a Grand Slam Offer and another uses a “commodity” offer, the Grand Slam Offer makes that business appear as if it has a totally different product — and that means a value-driven, versus price-driven, purchase. If you have a “commodity” offer, you will compete on price (having a price-driven purchase versus a value-driven purchase). Your Grand Slam Offer, however, forces a prospect to stop and think differently to assess the value of your differentiated product. Doing this establishes you as your own category, which means it’s too difficult to compare prices, which means you re-calibrate the prospect’s value-meter. Real Life Grand Slam Offer Money Math: Before and After Quick backstory . . . one of our companies is a software that advertising agencies use to work leads for their customers. Using this software, agencies transform their offer from a commoditized offer of lead generation services to a Grand Slam Offer of “pay for performance.” Let me show you the multiplicative effect it has on the revenue of the business. **While rounded for illustration’s sake, these values are based on the real numbers a lead generation agency selling services to brick and mortar businesses experience** Old Commoditized Way (Price-Driven) — Race to the bottom Commoditized Offer: $1,000 down, then $1,000/mo retainer for agency services Breakdown: At .5 to 1 return on advertising spend, you lose money getting customers. But in 30 days, those 5 customers will pay another $1,000 each, bringing you to $10,000 in total and break even. The next month, the $5,000 that comes in would be your first profitable month, and each month thereafter would be profitable (assuming they all stay). This is an example of a commoditized service — normal agency work. There’s a million of them, and they all look the same. Commoditized businesses and offers have a harder time getting responses from ads because all their marketing looks the same as everyone else's. Note: It all looks the same because they are all making the same offer. You pay us to work. We do work. Maybe you get results from that work. Maybe you don’t. It’s reasonable, but it’s easily duplicated (and subject to commoditization). This commoditization creates a price-driven purchase . . . You are forced to be priced “competitively” to get clients and to stay that way to keep them. If the client sees a cheaper version of the “same thing,” then the value discrepancy will cause them to swap providers. This is a dilemma . . . lose this client, the rest of your clients, and potential clients, or stay “competitive.” Your margins become so thin they vanish. Furthermore, it’s hard to get prospects to say yes (and keep them saying yes) unless you’re hypervigilant about clients commoditizing your business by staying “competitive.” And that’s the problem with the old commoditized way. They’re able to compare. Unless you switch to a Grand Slam Offer, your prices will keep getting beaten down. The business eventually dies, or the entrepreneur throws in the towel. No bueno. We want to make an offer that’s so different that you can skip the awkward explanation of why your product is different from everyone elses (which, if they have to ask, then they are probably too ignorant to understand the explanation) and instead just have the offer do that work for you. That’s the Grand Slam Offer way. Let’s dive in to see the contrast in sales numbers. New Grand Slam Offer Way (Differentiated, Incomparable) (Value-Driven) Grand Slam Offer: Pay one time. (No recurring fee. No retainer.) Just cover ad spend. I’ll generate leads and work your leads for you. And only pay me if people show up. And I’ll guarantee you get 20 people in your first month, or you get your next month free. I’ll also provide all the best practices from the other businesses like yours. Daily sales coaching for your staff Tested scripts Tested price points and offers to swipe and deploy Sales recordings . . . and everything else you need to sell and fulfill your customers. I’ll give you the entire play book for (insert industry), absolutely free just for becoming a client. In a nutshell, I'm feeding people into your business, showing you, exactly, how to sell them so that you can get the highest prices, which means that you make the most money possible . . . sound fair enough? It’s clear these are drastically different offers . . . but so what? Where’s the money!? Let’s compare both in the below chart. Breakdown: You spend the same amount of money for the same eyeballs. Then, you get 2.5x more