# Heading: Full_Text (Part 19)
water. We are trying to make egregious amounts of money that will have your relatives asking if what you are doing is legal. Again, we are not trying to get the most customers. We are trying to make the most money. That being said, since there is no strategic benefit to being the second-lowest priced player in your marketplace. Allow me to give you a brief overview of why I see premium pricing as not only a very smart business decision, but a moral one. Furthermore, it’s the only choice that will allow you to truly provide the most value, a unique and strong position in the marketplace. Let me introduce you to the virtuous cycle of price. Virtuous Cycle of Price I have used this framework in most of the materials I release because it needs to be consistently reinforced. The forces of the marketplace will grate on your belief system. You must stay strong and ignore them! Here’s the basic premise of why you need to charge a premium if you want to best serve your customers. When you decrease your price, you . . . . . . Decrease your clients’ emotional investment since it didn’t cost them much . . . Decrease your clients’ perceived value of your service since it can’t be that good if it’s so cheap, or priced the same as everyone else . . . Decrease your clients results because they do not value your service and are not invested . . . Attract the worst clients who are never satisfied until your service is free . . . Destroy any margin you have left to be able to actually provide an exceptional experience, hire the best people, invest in your people, pamper your clients, invest in growth, invest in more locations or more scale, and everything else that you had hoped in the goal of helping more people solve whatever problem it is that you solve. In essence, your world sucks. And to make matters worse, your service probably sucks because you are squeezing blood from the proverbial stone. There’s just not enough money left over to make something exceptional. As a result, you fall in line with the armies of average businesses that race to the bottom. I’ve lived that life. It’s terrible. If you love your customers and your employees, please stop short-changing them when there is a better way. Here’s the reverse. This is what happens when you raise your prices. When you raise your prices, you . . . . . . Increase your clients’ emotional investment . . . Increase your clients’ perceived value of your service . . . Increase your clients’ results because they value your service and are invested . . . Attract the best clients who are the easiest to satisfy and actually cost less to fulfill, and who are the most likely to actually receive and perceive the most relative value . . . Multiply your margin because you have money to invest in systems to create efficiency; smart people; improved customer experience; scale your business; and, most importantly of all, to keep watching the number in your personal bank account go up, month after month, even with reinvesting in your business. This allows you to ultimately enjoy the process for the long haul and help more people as you grow, rather than burning out and shriveling into obscurity. To swing the argument even further in favor of higher prices, here are a few interesting concepts. When you raise your price, you increase the value the consumer receives without changing anything else about your product. Wait, what? Yes. Higher Price Means Higher Value (Literally) In a blind taste test, researchers asked consumers to rate three wines: a low-priced wine, a medium-priced wine and an expensive wine. Throughout the study, the participants rated the wines with the prices visible. They rated them, unsurprisingly, in order of their price, with the most expensive being the “best,” the second most expensive being “second best,” and the third, cheapest option, being rated as “cheap wine.” What the tasters didn’t know is that the researchers gave them the exact same wine all three times. Yet, the tasters reported a wide discrepancy between the “high priced” wine and the “cheap” wine. This has deep implications for the direct relationship between value and price. In essence, raising your prices can directly enhance the value you provide. What’s more, the higher the price, the more allure your product or service has. People want to buy expensive things. They just need a reason. And the goal isn’t just to be slightly above the market price — the goal is to be so much higher that a consumer thinks to themselves, “This is so much more expensive, there must be something