# Heading: Full_Text (Part 17)
stop trying. So, try again. You’ll never become world class if you stop after a failed attempt. If you find a crazy good market, ride it, and ride it hard. And if you pair a Grand Slam Offer with a crazy market, you’ll likely never need to work again (seriously). So have this skill set — the ability to accurately assess markets by taking into account pain, money, targeting, and growth — in your back pocket so that when lightning strikes, you can make sure it strikes twice. Having established how to nail a market, let’s get back to pricing. The first step to making crazy money is charging premium prices. FREE GIFT #2 BONUS TUTORIAL: WINNING MARKETS If you want to know more about how I pick markets, and find niches that are profitable, go to Acquisition.com/training/offers course then watch “Winning Markets” for a short video tutorial. I’ve also included a Free Checklist to see how your market or niche measures up. It’s absolutely free, enjoy. 5 PRICING: CHARGE WHAT IT’S WORTH “Charge as high a price as you can say out loud without cracking a smile.” DAN KENNEDY A picture of Gym Lords Summit 2019 for our highest level gym owners all sporting my trendy mustache. January 2019. A ll I could see was black. My eyes felt glued shut. I was awake, but the fatigue in my temples felt like a five-pound weight was duct-taped to my skull, dragging my eyelids back down. I had to concentrate forcibly to open them. The details of the dimly lit room beamed in. I rolled over to the edge of the hotel room bed, feeling each and every muscle in my body as my weight shifted. Hunched on my side, I could see my clothes scattered on the floor. I was so beat the night before that I didn’t even remember taking them off. I had just finished a five-day gauntlet of keynote after keynote presentation. Two days of presentations for our highest-level clients immediately followed by spending two days planning with our entire company (135+ employees). I had missed a FaceTime call from my father the day before. I didn’t have anything on my agenda for the morning. So I creakily got up, slid into a hoodie and some sweats, and walked into the hotel hallway to call him back. After the initial pleasantries, he immediately dove into why he was calling — parental concern. “I saw the picture you posted of all your clients . . . ” he said, but in an unusually concerned tone. “I thought the event was for all your highest-paying clients? I didn’t know it was a big event. It looked like you had a thousand people there!” Alone in the hallway and struggling to shake the heavy weight of exhaustion still, I tried to gauge where his concern was coming from and what he was getting at. I had explained this all to him already. “It was only for our highest-level clients, that wasn’t all our clients,” I said. “Just the ones who pay $42,000 a year . . . our Gym Lords, like I told you.” “Every single person in that picture paid you $42,000?” He sounded almost frightened at the idea. “Yeah, wild right?” My voice was hoarse from days of speaking and thousands of twenty-second conversations. “Is it legal what you’re doing?” he asked. Wow. That escalated quickly, I thought to myself. “Do they know they’re paying you that much?” “Yes, it’s legal. And of course they know. It’s not like magically siphoning money.” “That’s a lot of money. I hope what you’re giving them is worth it.” I contemplated whether it was worth the effort to dive into this or just ignore it. But knowing this was going to be “a thing,” I took a deep breath and began to explain. “If I made you $239,000 extra this year, would you pay me $42,000?” I asked, using “$239,000” because it was the average increase in topline revenue of a gym using our systems for 11 months. “For sure,” he said, “I mean if I knew I was going to make that back. But what would I have to do?” “About 15 hours a week of work” “And how long would it take me to make the $239,000?” “Eleven months” “And how much of the $42,000 would I have to pay you up front?” “Nothing. Just pay me as you start making the money using the system” I watched it click. My dad got it. “Oh,” he said, “well then, yeah, I would do it.” “And that's why they do it, too.” Making shit loads of money breaks people’s minds. It literally stretches their minds so far past what they believe is possible they assume you are doing something